Here is the cleaned up text about Ala Mhigo:

Ala Mhigo is a city in Gyr Abania. At the culmination of a bloody war, the city-state of Ala Mhigo at last won its freedom from two decades of stifling imperial rule. The nation has entered the ranks of the Eorzean Alliance, and now joins those who aided its liberation in writing this new chapter in history. 

The highlands of Gyr Abania in the eastern reaches of Aldenard were once under the control of a martial nation known as Ala Mhigo. It was, perhaps, the historically conflicted nature of the territory that forged the country into a significant military power. Even as this aggressive nation sent its forces to conquer in the west, it repelled repeated attempts at invasion from the east. In the Year 1557 of the Sixth Astral Era, however, it finally fell to the incursions of the Garlean Empire. From that time onwards, the country became merely another imperial territory under the governance of its usurpers. Though the people of Ala Mhigo once revered Rhalgr, the Destroyer, as their patron deity, any such religious observance has since been forbidden by the controlling authorities.

An occupied city-state located in a mountainous region of eastern Aldenard. The nation was plunged into chaos twenty years ago when its masses rose up in rebellion against the tyranny of the mad king Theodoric. However, unbeknownst to many, it was none other than the Garlean Empire that had been pulling the strings from the shadows the entire time. They quickly set about moving in to take control of Ala Mhigo as anarchy reigned, and have remained in control of the nation for the past twenty years.

The only player-accessible parts of Ala Mhigo are the Ala Mhigan Quarter in The Lochs and the dungeon version of the city.

Ala Mhigo stands at the far-eastern tip of Abalathia's Spine. For centuries, it commanded the lands of Gyr Abania, and was known as the premier military power amongst the Eorzean city-states. In the face of the armies of Garlemald, however, this might proved less than sufficient in repelling the Empire's metal-clad warmachina, and thus has Ala Mhigo borne the yoke of imperial rule for the past twenty years.

The Ala Mhigan flag is a field of purple upon which stands a silver griffin with sword in talons. The winged creature is the sigil of the nation's royal house, and the blade signifies the force used to see all other clans bend the knee before them. Purple is the color of Rhalgr, the guardian deity of the nation, and is associated with his element of lightning. The hue's presence on the pennant also marks the bond betwixt the royalty and religious order of the Fist of Rhalgr.

Upon casting off the Empire's yoke, Ala Mhigo instituted an interim government built upon the Resistance's command structure. Envoys of myriad races-leaders and elders from across Gyr Abania-Were then called to a summit to decide the nation's fate. After much debate, the assembled representatives chose to emulate the structure of Ishgard's new republic, and entrust the city-state's rule to an elected council.

Ala Mhigo is governed by a council of representatives, its members elected to speak on behalf of Gyr Abania's diverse settlements and tribes.

The racial distribution in Ala Mhigo is:
- Highlander Hyur: 60% 
- Hellsguard Roegadyn: 10%
- Midlander Hyur: 10%
- Seeker of the Sun Miqo'te: 10% 
- Other: 10%

Under the sovereign rule of King Theodoric, and later the dominion of the Garlean Empire, worshipers of Rhalgr were oppressed and punished for their beliefs. Since Ala Mhigo's liberation, however, the people are free once more to practice their faith, and this resurgence has been accompanied by the appearance of a young monk who seeks to restore the fist of Rhalgr. The Fist's stance on orthodox doctrine has earned it the support of the citizenry, and the order's number of adherents continues to grow daily.

The main industries in Ala Mhigo include mercenary work, magitek manufacturing, farming, goldsmithing, and salt manufacture. As a result of fighting alongside the Vira during the war for liberation and benefiting from the continued assistance of the Eorzean Alliance, Ala Mhigo's population is quickly adjusting to the presence of different clans and races. 

The Ala Mhigan diet has remained largely unchanged, and may have become even less diverse due to the cessation of trade with the east and a subsequent shortage of spices.

Ala Mhigo has a long and tumultuous history, from its unification under Anshelm Cotter, to the disastrous Autumn War against Gridania, to the tyrannical reign of King Theodoric and subsequent Garlean invasion. The Ala Mhigan Resistance played a key role in the nation's eventual liberation.