Here is the cleaned up text for the Cinder Drift (Extreme) strategy guide:

Cinder Drift (Extreme) is a level 80 trial introduced in patch 5.2 with Shadowbringers. 

Guide

Mark III Anti-Eikon Warmachina: The Ruby Weapon

(Phase 1) Ruby Weapon's Abilities

Your showdown with the Mark III Anti-Eikon Warmachina - otherwise known as The Ruby Weapon, an iconic boss from Final Fantasy VII - takes place within in a circular arena containing no death-walls or fatal drops.

Optimized Ultima: Unleashes unavoidable raid-wide damage.

Magitek Bits: Spawns several mechanical adds around the edges of the platform. The adds are reminiscent of the 'bits' summoned during previous fights with the Ultima weapon - flying gadgets that will continuously shoot straight-line AoEs at random players that must be avoided.

Flexiclaw: Causes Ruby Weapon to plunge its elongated claws into the ground whilst hovering in the air, indicating the arrival of a mini-phase.

Helioclaw: One of two abilities used during Flexiclaw - causes three AoE circles to form beneath Ruby Weapon, as well as a tri-lined "fan" pattern on the ground. Just like normal mode, the AoE circles beneath Ruby Weapon will eventually explode while travelling in the direction of the pattern shown on the floor, except this time, there will be two rounds of Helioclaw back-to-back. However, players will also have to contend with Magitek Bits which will still be actively shooting straight-line AoEs at random players. To avoid, players should quickly recognize where the (very small) safe spots are located during each round of Helioclaw, but before standing in a safe spot, bait the Magitek Bits into shooting somewhere else. If players move to a safe spot without baiting the bits, they risk being shot for major damage by the bits, or take massive damage from Helioclaw if choosing to dodge the bits into an unsafe area.

Stamp: Causes Ruby Weapon to stomp on its primary target with a vicious tank-buster. Unlike normal mode, Stamp will also inflict a Blunt Vulnerability debuff, essentially boosting Ruby Weapon's damage against that target for a hefty duration. As a result, tanks will need to swap after each Stamp.

Flexiclaw: Causes Ruby Weapon to plunge its elongated claws into the ground once again, indicating the arrival of another mini-phase.

Ravensclaw: Forms eight cracks in the floor which begin travelling in cardinal and inter-cardinal directions, alternating between long and short distances, with long cracks reaching the outer edge of the arena, and short cracks stopping beyond halfway to the edges. Eventually, an AoE circle will also spawn directly under Ruby Weapon, exploding for massive damage against anyone standing within its hit-box. Simultaneously, AoE circles will also explode at the end of all eight cracks that were formed (with no visual telegraph), forcing participants to figure out safe spots for themselves. A good rule-of-thumb is to stand at the edge of Ruby Weapon's hit-box, directly on top of a long crack on the ground.

Once the explosions have detonated, Ruby Weapon will cast one of two possible abilities: Liquefaction or Undermine. Bear in mind that the ability will be entirely random and will always overlap with another mechanic, Ruby Sphere.

Liquefaction: Causes the entire arena (except for the cracks formed by Flexiclaw) to degrade into swirling quicksand that slowly pulls all players into the ground. To avoid being dragged to an early grave, players must stand on the cracks.

Undermine: Causes all cracks to explode after a brief delay, indicated by a glowing red telegraph surrounding all crack lines. To avoid, players must move away from the cracks or stand between them.

Regardless of which ability is chosen, all players will also have to contend with Ruby Sphere, marking all raid members with a large circular AoE mark. Whilst Liquefaction or Undermine is underway, all marked players will periodically drop up to three mines on the ground (the same size as the Ruby Sphere marker itself), and each drop of a mine will also inflict a stacking Magic Vulnerability debuff. Due to Liquefaction or Undermine reducing the number of safe areas in the arena, as well as the stacking Magic Vulnerability against all players, the entire raid must co-ordinate themselves so that their three mines are dropped in a manner that allows everyone to avoid the other mechanics safely. Should any player walk into a mine (no matter who it belonged to), the mine will explode and likely result in a gruesome death.

If Liquefaction is underway, the only available safe spots are on top of Flexiclaw cracks. As a result, players should each be assigned a crack to stand on and use these to slowly drop each of their three Ruby Sphere's along their assigned crack. If done correctly, all players will finish dropping their spheres whilst standing close to (or inside) Ruby Weapon's hit-box, with enough space for everyone to get there without colliding with a mine.

If Undermine is underway, all cracks are completely unsafe, meaning that the only available safe spots are in between cracks or at the outer edges of the arena. Due to the size of Ruby Sphere mines, the raid should divide into even groups and utilize the safe spots to drop their mines safely. If a safe spot is too crowded, players may collide with mines or risk being slain by the exploding cracks.

NOTE: Assigning each player to cardinal or inter-cardinal locations before the battle is a great way of ensuring that everyone has a safe spot (crack) during Liquefaction and/or can divide easily into safe spots during Undermine.

After Ruby Sphere + Liquefaction / Undermine has concluded, Ruby Weapon will retract its claws and the fight resumes as normal.

Ruby Ray: Causes Ruby Weapon to face a random player and charge up a massive straight-line AoE that will slaughter anyone standing in its path. As the name implies, Ruby Ray is indicated by a swelling of red energy. Once you see Ruby Weapon charging up, move behind it as soon as possible. As soon as Ruby Ray has concluded, the raid will be bombarded with another cast of Optimized Ultima, the unavoidable raid-wide AoE.

Flexiclaw: Causes Ruby Weapon to plunge its elongated claws into the ground yet again, except