Here is the cleaned up text for the "Friends for the Road" quest guide:

Friends for the Road

Quest giver: Estinien 
Location: Thavnair (X:16.4, Y:32.9)
Quest line: Post-Endwalker Main Scenario Quests
Level: 90
Previous quest: Bountiful Ruins
Next quest: Alzadaal's Legacy
Patch: 6.1

Rewards
Choose one of the following options:
3 Giant Popoto Pancakes
3 Baked Alien Soup  
3 Sykon Salad
2 Allagan Silver Piece

Steps
1. Speak with Ojika Tsunjika at the Baldesion Annex.
2. Speak with Y'shtola.
3. Speak with Urianger at Thaumazein.
4. Speak with Estinien in Akyaali.

Journal
Estinien is ready to escort Mehrahd to safety.

Dialogue
Mehrahd: Estinien is... I think he is not as gruff as he makes out to be.

Estinien: I shall leave you to recruit G'raha. He'll appreciate the invitation that much more, I'm sure.
Estinien: As I recall, he was based at the annex. Someone there ought to be able to point you in the right direction. 
Estinien: Let us be off too, Mehrahd. Do me a favor and don't stray from the path.

Ojika Tsunjika: Oh, look who it is! Welcome back, [Forename]!  
Ojika Tsunjika: What might the Students do for you?
Ojika Tsunjika: G'raha? Yes, he's in the main hall with Mistress Krile.
Ojika Tsunjika: They've been holed up in there for days. By all means, go and give them an excuse to take a break!

G'raha Tia: Well, she wasn't hard to find, at least...
G'raha Tia: I've visited Labyrinthos on several occasions recently, but I've not set foot in Thaumazein since the day we boarded the Ragnarok...

Y'shtola: I don't see Thancred anywhere. Was he not supposed to be traveling with Urianger?

G'raha Tia: Ah, the thrill of imminent adventure! I never tire of this feeling.

Y'shtola: Just imagine the possibilities...

Urianger: In my travels, I spied many a child wandering alone─orphans, in all likelihood. Though homes razed by beasts and blasphemies can be rebuilt, the void left by those we have lost cannot so easily be filled...

Matsya: I will pray to Sanduruva for your safe return. May the wealth of Her blessings guide you to the treasure you seek...

Estinien: I send you to recruit G'raha and you return with an entire survey party.  
Estinien: I hope Matsya's boat is sturdy enough to carry us all...

Y'shtola: What he means is, we are grateful for the use of one of your precious fishing vessels.

Matsya: We are more than glad for the chance to provide it. I ask only that you take care to steer clear of the reefs in the shallows there.

Estinien: Aye, we will keep an eye out.