Here is the cleaned up text for the Halatali dungeon guide:

Halatali

Level: 20 (Sync: 23)  
Difficulty: Normal
Party size: Light Party 4 man • 1 Tank 1 Healer 2 DPS
Unsyncing: Allowed
Time limit: 90 minutes

Originally a holy place for the first Lalafell arrived in Eorzea, the twisting labyrinth of natural caverns which wind through this massive mesa were transformed by the Pugilist's Guild into a series of training pits, animal pens and holding cells to accommodate the ever-growing popularity of Ul'dah's coliseum. After the Calamity, however the location was abandoned - those remaining in the pens, left for dead. Not all of them, however, met that fate and now the tunnels are rife with those who survived... as well as the tormented spirits of those who did not.

Objectives:
- Clear the Hall of the Cesti
- Activate the chain winch 
- Clear the Hall of the Secutores
- Defeat Tangata

Walkthrough:
For the path, start by going south towards the Hall of the Cesti for the first boss. Use the Aetherial Flow to proceed to the next section. 

Pull the Chain Winches as all 5 will need to be pulled to gain access to the Hall of the Secutores. The fourth one will spawn a gas bomb that will self destruct and kill anyone standing in the AOE - simply stay out of the area and let it go off safely. As the 5th Winch is pulled the door should open. Go down into the pit, kill the boss, and use another Aetherial Flow.

Most groups will simply turn right and go through the Ludus Door immediately, as it is not required to kill the Pit Peiste. This is where the final boss is located.

Bosses:

Firemane
Firemane is a fire elemental that constantly summons wisps as adds. The wisps travel toward the fire pit in the center of the boss room. If they reach the pit, they will explode and deal damage to everyone in your party. Unlike the other bosses, Firemane will not go immune while the adds are spawning, so be sure to burst Firemane down or kill the wisps before they can reach the pit.

Thunderclap Guivre 
Thunderclap Guivre is a drake in a shallow pool of water. It can use Levinshower, a frontal AoE cone attack, and Electrify, a non-self-centered AoE attack which will make the water glow purple; any players standing in the water will take Electrocution damage over time. Those in the water will take significantly more damage from the lightning attacks, so it is advised to fight on either of the slopes.
During this boss fight, Thunderclap Guivre will walk back to the middle of the pool of water and become invulnerable two times, once at around 65% and once at around 30% HP. He spawns about 5 lightning elementals while invulnerable. They will cast lightning spells at the party. Kill the elementals and the drake will become vulnerable again, then repeat.

Pit Peiste
Pit Peiste is a reptilian optional boss with Rudius Beaks as adds. He is spawned when any player approaches the treasure chest at the open center of a stone circular area. It is not required to complete the dungeon and so is often skipped. 

Tangata
Tangata, the giant ox-like creature, is the final boss of Halatali. He has a devastating frontal AoE cone attack. During the fight, Tangata will become invulnerable at around 80% and 60% and create a pool of lava surrounding himself. While invulnerable, he summons Fire Sprites at the open door (one at a time) and streams of wisps from the four torches. The focus is killing three Fire Sprites each phase, which will also be attacking your party members. Simply kill the Fire Sprites and Tangata will become vulnerable again. Wisps will travel toward Tangata and explode if they reach him, although this is typically a lower priority than the Fire Sprites. This will happen two times - simply repeat killing the Fire Sprites until he dies.