Here is the cleaned up text for the Hells' Kier (Extreme) strategy guide:

Important 

The North American and European data centers primarily use Party Finder to challenge (Extreme) content. Using Duty Finder to match with random players is not recommended and will be more difficult than pre-forming a party. For an easy completion (that will satisfy any quest requirements) or loot farming, it is recommended that players use Party Finder and form an Unrestricted Party (i.e., with level sync disabled). Players who wish to complete this duty with level sync enabled should also form a pre-made party, which also enables the use of Minimum Item Level and Silence Echo settings for a more authentic challenge compared to a Duty Finder party.

"Ever eager to put his lyrical skills to the proof, the wandering minstrel has crafted yet another tanka, this time deriving inspiration from your pitched battle against the auspice Suzaku deep beneath Hells' Lid. Knowing full well the suggestive power of his words, you once more close your eyes and set your mind adrift in the memories of that day, augmented by his dramatic flair..."

— In-game description

Strategy

Auspice: Suzaku

On entering the Hell's Kier (Extreme) arena, participants will notice four Pheonix corpses (Scarlet Ladies) scattered around its centre. Bear in mind that these will respawn if specific fire-based abilities hit them during the encounter. Also, healers should be mindful of Suzaku's auto-attacks throughout the battle whenever she is not actively casting abilities seeing as the main tank will be taking continuous damage.

Phase 1

Screams of the Damned - an unavoidable raid-wide blast that will damage all participants.

Rout - Suzaku will fly out of the arena and reappear somewhere along its edge. Simultaneously, all players will be tagged with an AoE marker. The group must move out Suzaku's path to avoid an incoming dive-bomb while also spreading around the arena to avoid clipping other players with their AoE mark. This is best achieved by having 3-4 players on opposite ends of the arena, giving the group enough space to spread out while Suzaku launches herself through the centre. Considering that the AoE markers inflict fire damage, players must also avoid clipping the Scarlet Ladies.

Fleeting Summer - Suzaku will turn towards a random member of the party and aim a frontal AoE cone in their direction that should be avoided.

Cremate - Suzaku will blast the main-tank with a vicious magic-based tank-buster.

Phoenix Down - a set of overlapping mechanics that begin with small plumes being dropped around the arena in a set pattern, along with a much larger plume in the very centre with far superior health. After being summoned, all plumes will begin to long-cast a deadly AoE attack (indicated by AoE circles emanating from each plume).

If left unattended, the central plume will resurrect all four Scarlet Ladies with a drastic HP buff that makes them borderline impossible to kill. If that happens, the adds will typically survive long enough to wipe the entire raid via unavoidable damage and debuffs. As a result, players must utilize the following mechanic, Rekindle, to their advantage.

Rekindle - tags all damage-dealers with an AoE marker that will inflict fire damage to the marked player and anyone caught in its blast. Due to being fire-based, these can also resurrect the Scarlet Ladies. However, unlike the central plume from Pheonix Down, resurrecting the adds in this manner will not provide them with a major HP buff.

The group should first kill a northern, southern, eastern and western plume to provide enough space to avoid the AoE blast from the remaining plumes. At the same time, damage-dealers must be ready to move to a chosen Phoenix and resurrect it with their Rekindle marker, preferably without overlapping with other AoE markers and causing unnecessary damage to one another. If done correctly, the resurrected add(s) will tether themselves to the damage-dealer who raised them, allowing them to be pulled away from the central plume and into one of the four safe spots that were created by killing the N, S, E, and W plumes. Once done, the remaining plumes can be ignored while the group slay the Scarlet Ladies.

Ashes to Ashes - should any of the Scarlet Ladies remain alive long enough, they will blast the raid with excruciating AoE damage and inflict a stackable Supperation debuff. Due to this, all adds should be burned down as quickly as possible.

Cremate will once again be cast during the above mechanics, blasting the main tank with a vicious magic-based tank-buster.

Screams of the Damned will be cast once more, blasting the raid with unavoidable AoE damage. After doing so, Suzaku will fly to the centre of the arena, marking the arrival of Phase 2.

Phase 2

Eternal Flame - Suzaku will briefly fly out of the arena while it undergoes a noticeable transformation. A pattern will begin to form in the arena centre that contains eight circles around its edges - one for each member of the raid to stand in. After a brief delay, Suzaku will summon orbs that will travel from the sides of the arena towards the centre that should be absorbed by players. To do so, players need to face in the same direction as the arrow displayed on their respective circle. Successfully doing so will allow the player to absorb the incoming orb, gain a stacking damage up buff, and prevent Suzaku from gaining more power for an upcoming raid-wide blast (Scarlet Fever).

Scarlet Fever - Suzaku will blast the entire arena with raid-wide damage (magnified by any orbs that were not properly absorbed during Eternal Flame). After doing so, Suzaku will now be in human form, and the entire arena will now have a visible hole in its centre and no outer edges. In short, players can now fall through the centre or over the edges. The group should also note that the entire arena will now have four visibly different quadrants that will be relevant during later mechanics.

Southron Star - Suzaku will barrage the raid with an unavoidable raid-wide AoE (which is essentially her human version of Screams of the Damned).

Mesmerizing Melody - Suzaku will pull all participants towards her by a set distance, putting everyone at risk of falling through the hole in the centre of the arena. To avoid this, players can