Here is the cleaned up text for the Hells' Kier strategy guide:

Hells' Kier is a level 70 trial introduced in patch 4.4 with Stormblood.

Strategy

Auspice: Suzaku 

Cremate - Tankbuster

Eternal Flame - Revives all the phoenix corpses
- These will tether to a damage dealer and must be killed ASAP. If not killed after a certain amount of time they will cast Ashes to Ashes - high damage and debuff (will likely result in a wipe)
- Best strategy is to stack them in the middle and AOE them down together

Endless Summer - Massive frontal cone AOE directed at one player - move out of the way to avoid damage and debuffs

Screams of the Damned - raid wide AOE damage

Phoenix Down - large plumes cover the platform and slowly begin to cast an explosion.  
- If above strategy was followed and all 4 phoenix were killed in the middle - then middle plume should be destroyed to create a safe zone before the explosion happens. Any phoenix corpse caught in the explosion will be revived with HP buffs.
- If any phoenix are raised then be sure to focus them down so they do not explode and wipe the party.

The boss will then return to the centre and cast Eternal Flame again. The phoenix will fly away this time and the platform will begin to change forming 8 circles around the centre.  
- Players must face the way of the arrow to absorb the orbs and not let them reach the boss so she does not power her special. There are 7 waves of orbs.

Scarlet Melody - raid-wide damage based on strength of gauge from the orbs

At this point the platform will have changed drastically and there will be a hole in the middle which you can fall through - so be careful. You can also fall of the edge as well.  

Southron Star - raid-wide damage

Ruthless Refrain - knockback from centre of platform

Phantom Flurry - multi-hit tankbuster, followed by huge frontal AOE knockback

Well of Flame - large column AOE attack on a player, dodge this

Phoenix Says - when the phoenix hits a rune the corresponding platform explodes dealing high damage and debuffs
- See which direction the phoenix is flying and position yourself next to (but not in) that section about to explode and then move into it after the explosion

Another Well of Flame and Ruthless Refrain will occur during this part. Once all four sections have exploded the platform will return to normal.

Incandescent Interlude - four meteor circles spawn around the boss - ensure at least 1 player is in each

Rekindle - all players are targeted by circle AOEs, spread out to avoid any overlap (will happen at same times as Incandescent Interlude)

Another tankbuster and knockback will happen.

Phoenix Rush - phoenix on edge will appear and rush across platform - dodge them

Phoenix Says 2.0 - platform will change colour again but this time 2 sequences of 4 runes on each side, same principle as before but faster movement required.  

After this you have seen all mechanic and these will repeat until the boss is dead.

Loot
- 15 Allagan Tomestone of Poetics
- Suzaku Card (Drops at a fixed rate.)