Here is the cleaned up text for the Hullbreaker Isle dungeon guide:

Hullbreaker Isle is a level 50 dungeon introduced in patch 2.3. 

Objectives:
Defeat the sifakas: 0/5
Slay the sasquatch: 0/1  
Find the stone tablets: 0/3
Slay Sjoorm: 0/1
Navigate the geysers: 0/2
Dismember the arms and tentacles: 0/10

Enemies:
Sifaka, Cieldalaes Hornet, Cieldalaes Mantis, Harpeia, Smallfoot Sifaka, Zuzeca, Treasure Coffer, Ninki Nanka, Nanka, Sallet Crab, Cieldalaes Crawler, Seawater Sprite, Cyclomedusa

Bosses:

Sasquatch
Kill adds then the boss. Every now and then Sasquatch will get hungry and repeatedly pound his chest. When this occurs, players should activate one of the banana trees and allow the boss to eat the banana dropped from the tree. The bananas calm him down, stopping his debuffs and AoE attacks for a while. Throughout the fight, monkey adds will spawn. Kill these adds and do not let them eat the bananas.

Sjoorm  
This is a fairly straight forward fight. Occasionally bubbles will spawn, do not run into or contact the bubbles until the boss submerges underground for the second time and starts to cast a blue AoE wave that covers the entire boss room. By running into the bubbles, the players will be shielded from the boss' AoE damage. Players outside of the bubbles will take massive amount of damage.

Kraken
In the Kraken fight, players will kill 10 of its arms, two per platform. The boss room is divided into various platforms. Players need to use the water sprouts around the platforms to move to among them. Every now and then players will get a green pulsating icon over their heads. This indicates that a tornado is about to spawn on top of you. The player with the green icon should move to another platform immediately, then move back to the previous platform when the tornado drops, because the tornadoes act as time bombs. They will do enormous amounts of damage after a short time. Note that every time you jump you get a stacking debuff that increases the damage you will take.

Loot is listed for each boss and treasure coffers.

Achievements, images, lore and trivia are also included in the original text.
