Here is the cleaned up text for the Sastasha dungeon guide:

Sastasha

Level: 15 (Sync: 18)  
Difficulty: Normal
Party size: Light Party 4 man • 1 Tank 1 Healer 2 DPS
Unsyncing: Allowed
Time limit: 90 minutes  
Duty Finder: Dungeons (A Realm Reborn)
Roulette: Leveling
Req. quest: It's Probably Pirates
Entrance: Western La Noscea (X:28, Y:21)
Modes: Duty Support, Explorer

After a period of relative silence following the Calamity, the Serpent Reavers have once again taken to terrorizing the inland hamlets of La Noscea, killing the men, kidnapping the women and children, plundering the storehouses and burning what little they leave behind. For years, it was not known how the pirates were able to raid areas so far from the coast, until a local shepherd sighted a band of painted ruffians entering the Sastasha Seagrot, carrying large quantities of sacks and crates. Could it be that there is more to this cave than meets the eye?

Objectives:
Activate the coral trigger: 0/1
Open the hidden door: 0/1  
Discover the pirate captain: 0/1
Obtain the Waverider Gate key: 0/1
Defeat Denn the Orcatoothed: 0/1

Walkthrough:
Early on in the dungeon, there will be a room off the main path that contains a Bloody Memo (X:17.6, Y:8.5). The note will have a special quote that will give the color of the correct switch for later.

The party will soon encounter an open area containing several Giant Clams, which can only be damaged when they are open. These enemies will be accompanied by several weak Shade Seekers. Note that the clams do not need to be killed and can be ignored. Experienced parties will sometimes skip the clams for a faster run.

To summon the first boss, players must interact with one of the three coral formations (Red, Blue, or Green) in the room. Interacting with the incorrect switch will spawn a weak Cave Aurelia. In practice, many parties will ignore the Bloody Memo and will brute force the switches until finding the correct one. Interacting with the correct switch will reveal an Inconspicuous Switch. Pressing this switch will summon Chopper, the first boss. After defeating the boss, press the switch again to open a passage to the next section.

Defeat the enemies and fight Captain Madison, who will run away. 

The next section consists of an open area containing several side rooms. Most parties will skip these. Defeat the enemies at the south part of the room and collect the Captain's Quarters Key from the Shallowscale Reaver. Use it to open the door to the Captain's Quarters, the southern room. Inside, defeat the lone Shallowtail Reaver and collect the Waverider Gate Key.

Return to the central room and go to the southwest exit. Defeat the two enemies and unlock the Waverider Gate.

The rest of the dungeon is straightforward. The party will fight Captain Madison again, proceed through a final room of enemies, and confront the last boss. Not all enemies in the final room need to be aggroed, only the ones in the main path.

Bosses:

Chopper
Chopper performs an AoE attack called "Charged Whisker" which inflicts Paralysis. Get out of the orange circle AoE indicator.

Captain Madison 
Defeat Captain Madison twice. In the first fight, kill the crew member adds first, then the boss. In the second fight, AoE down the summoned guard dogs when his HP drops to 50%, then burn the boss.

Denn the Orcatoothed
The boss room has 4 grates with bubbling water that spawn adds. You can interact with bubbling grates to prevent adds. In practice, adds are usually ignored and damage is focused on the boss.

Loot and achievements are listed after the walkthrough.