Here is the cleaned up text for the strategy guide on The Minstrel's Ballad: Shinryu's Domain:

Strategy
The Minstrel's Ballad: Shinryu's Domain - Primal Guide

Primal: Shinryu
Much like normal mode, your battle against Shinryu will involve the presence of a Corrupted Aether Gauge. Once the gauge reaches 100, Shinryu will execute a special attack. In addition, players must also contend with The Worm's Heart - an attackable piece of Shinryu that will regenerate over the course of the battle. If the Corrupted Aether Gauge reaches maximum while The Worm's Heart is active, participants will suffer an unavoidable raid-wipe. However, whenever the heart is destroyed, Shinryu will suffer major damage. Inbetween each ultimate, Shinryu will use its left and right-wing to bombard the raid with further mechanics.

Unlike normal mode, your battle against Shinryu will immediately begin on the chequered platform seen in Phase 2 of Normal mode. Furthermore, the middle tile can now be destroyed, and should that happen, the raid will suffer an unavoidable wipe. All tiles (including the central tile) can only withstand two direct attacks from Shinryu before breaking, so watch out!

Lastly, both the main enmity target and the off-tank will suffer continuous auto-attacks from Shinryu, keeping Healers on their toes throughout the battle.

Phase 1
With the above notes in mind, participants should begin the battle by immediately destroying The Worm's Heart as soon as possible.

Earthen Fury (Ultimate) is scripted to be the first ultimate attack once the Corrupted Aether Gauge is full, resulting in unavoidable damage to the entire raid and outright destroying the eastern and western tiles, as well as dealing one hit to various other platforms (leaving noticeable cracks).

Burning Chains will tether individual players to another in their respective roles; such as the two tanks, the two healers, and damage-dealers to a fellow damage-dealer. These chains can be broken by stretching them (i.e, tethered players running in opposite directions). If they are not broken in time, tethered players will be afflicted with Fire Damage and Supperation debuffs.

Tidal Wave (Ultimate), another ultimate attack that requires 100 Corrupted Aether, will create a whirlpool at either the west, east or southern side of the platform that will eventually inflict a major knockback along with moderate raid damage. Participants must stand close to the whirlpool in order to avoid being punted off the platform, though they must also be mindful of overlapping mechanics and missing platform tiles when doing so.

Water Puddles will form at various locations whenever Shinryu executes a water or ice based ultimate (such as above-mentioned Tidal Wave). By standing in a puddle, players will gain a major Fire Resistance buff but also a massive Lightning Vulnerability debuff. These must be used (or avoided) when dealing with certain fire or lighting based mechanics later on. Bear in mind that these puddles will be destroyed via Fire or Lightning mechanics.

Summon Icicle, a special attack by Shinryu's Left Wing, will summon 3 icicles at the edge of the platform (opposite Shinryu's current location) which will eventually dash across the entire platform in a straight line, inflicting damage, knockback and debuffs to anyone caught in their path. To avoid, players must position themselves out of harm's way.

Tail Slam will mark a random healer with a noticeable green icon resembling Shinryu's tail. After a brief delay, Shinryu will slam down its tail (from the side of the platform closest to the marked player) and deal damage to two tiles, as well as anyone caught in its path. If the tail-marker is dropped in a way where it will collide with at least one undamaged tile, the tail will remain attackable for a brief period, giving the raid an opportunity to destroy it for major damage to Shinryu. If, however, the tail-marker is dropped on two damaged tiles, both tiles will immediately be destroyed with no opportunity to attack the tail, which also leaves the group with less room to deal with future mechanics.

Shortly after the first Tail Slam has finished, one of two abilities cast by Shinryu's Right Wing will land. This can either be Levinbolt - a lightning spell that will blast each player with AoE lightning (amplified on anyone standing within a water puddle) - or Hypernova - a concentrated blast of fire damage that requires players to stack within a water puddle and share the damage. Bear in mind that Levinbolt is indicated by a purple-coloured icon, whereas Hypernova is indicated by a flaming orange icon.

The Worm's Heart will regenerate, placing the raid under a DPS check where they must once again destroy the heart before the Corrupted Aether Gauge reaches full.

Ice Storm, an unavoidable raid-wide damage ability from Shinryu's Left Wing, will follow soon after, loosely overlapped by Shinryu's Central Slam - a direct attack on the central tile that must be avoided.

Akh Morn, a vicious tank-buster that requires both tanks to share damage via heavy mitigation cooldowns. Alternatively, a lone tank can utilize an immunity cooldown instead. This ability will overlap with Akh Rhal.

Akh Rhal will target the ground beneath a random damage dealer and blast that location with vicious AoE damage after a brief delay. All players must move away from the affected area if they wish to avoid major damage.

At this point, Shinryu will prepare to cast one of two ultimate abilities once the Corrupted Aether Gauge has been filled - Hellfire or Judgement Bolt. Regardless of which attack is chosen, it will overlap with another Summon Icicle, so watch out!

Hellfire (Ultimate), like Hypernova, requires players to utilize a water puddle in order to acquire Fire Resistance Up and absorb the damage (whilst simultaneously avoiding Summon Icicle).

Judgement Bolt (Ultimate), being lightning-based, requires players to avoid both the water puddles and summoned icicles simultaneously. In addition, the 1-4 players hit by Judgement Bolt will be afflicted with a dispellable paralysis debuff that should be removed as soon as possible.

Bear in mind that either ultimate will cleanse the