Here is the cleaned up text for the Tam-Tara Deepcroft dungeon guide:

The Tam-Tara Deepcroft is a level 16 dungeon introduced in patch 2.0. 

Since its establishment during the Gelmorran times, this subterranean crypt has been used for generations as a final resting place for the remains of rulers and nobles. Since the Calamity, however, the tunnels have become overrun with the Lambs of Dalamud - a deadly cult who worships the now-fallen satellite as their savior. It is in the Deepcroft that these twisted souls silently plot revenge against those who fought to prevent the advent of Dalamud, summoning any dark presence who will aid them to this end... no matter what the cost.

Objectives:
- Cultist orbs destroyed
- Cultist Rosaries collected  
- Sealed broken barriers
- Defeat Galvanth the Dominator

Bosses:

Void Soulcounter (Demon) appears after the destruction of each sealed barrier.

Galvanth the Dominator (Soulflayer) is the main boss. He will cast Mind Blast, an AoE spell that will paralyze anyone caught in it. A giant red circle appears before he casts it, so move out of it. Galvanth summons adds 3 times: 
1) An imp that shoots fireballs
2) An imp, skeletons and mitelings  
3) Two imps, skeletons and mitelings

The imps will interrupt spell casting and make Galvanth immune to damage, so prioritize killing them quickly before the other adds. After killing the imps in the 3rd wave, use AoE Limit Break on the remaining adds and possibly the boss.

Lore:

Revenge Of The Lambs
After the Calamity, the crypts became occupied by the Lambs of Dalamud cult who worshipped the fallen moon Dalamud. They kidnapped citizens for blood sacrifices to hasten Dalamud's coming, but after its destruction they swore vengeance and plotted to summon a voidsent using the remains of the dead.

Galvanth the Dominator 
The voidsent summoned was a soul eater that possessed the corpse of King Galvanth of Gelmorra, a mighty ruler and lancer in life. After defeating it, Galvanth's corpse was purified to allow him to rest again.

A Letter To Spell The End
A conjurer named Edda, grief-stricken over her fiancé Avere's death, tried to resurrect him using necromancy in the Deepcroft, using his remains. An adventurer stopped her dark ritual, and she fell into the abyss.

Avere Bravearm
The being animated from Avere's remains by Edda's necromancy, before being stopped.