Here is the cleaned up text for The Qitana Ravel dungeon guide:

The Qitana Ravel is a level 75 dungeon introduced in patch 5.0 with Shadowbringers. 

Objectives:
Arrive in the Divine Threshold.
Clear the Divine Threshold. 
Arrive in Shallowed Hollow.
Clear Shallowed Hollow.
Arrive at the Song of Ox'Gatorl.
Defeat Eros.

Notes:
During the last trash pull, if the enemies are pulled back away from the platform (requiring some backtracking) the last set of enemies (three gorillas) will automatically join the fray. Normally, all other enemies must be defeated to spawn the last set. Spawning them early can slightly expedite the run.

Bosses:

Lozatl
Stonefist: Tankbuster.
Sun Toss: Circle AoE below a random player.  
Lozatl's Scorn: One of the two statues in the background will glow purple and eventually deal high damage across half the arena.
Heat Up: One side of Lozatl's body will glow red-hot in preparation for Lozatl's Fury.
Lozatl's Fury: Lozatl will move to the center of the arena and face a random direction. When the cast finishes, Lozatl will attack the half of the arena his glowing side is facing for high damage.
Eventually, Lozatl will combine Lozatl's Scorn and Lozatl's Fury. There is always a safe area, though its size can greatly vary.

Batsquatch  
Ripper Fang: Tankbuster.
Soundwave: Moderate party-wide damage.  
Subsonics: Batsquatch stomps the ground several times in quick succession, dealing low damage (though this quickly stacks up) while also causing rocks to fall into the arena as circle AoEs of various sizes. The largest AoEs leave behind pillars.
Pillars: If there are any pillars on the field when Batsquatch casts Soundwave, they will topple over, dealing massive damage and inflicting Vulnerability Up in a narrow cone in the direction they fell. The pillars will always collapse in a way that results in their entire damage area to be within the arena.

Lightwarden: Eros
Rend: Tankbuster.
Hound out of Heaven: Proximity tether on a random non-Tank player. Eros charges at the targeted player for high damage. If the player was not far away enough to turn the tether purple, the attack also inflicts a stack of Vulnerability Up.
Glossolalia: Moderate party-wide damage.
Viper Poison: Several circle AoEs will appear on the platform, dealing damage and leaving behind a poison puddle that inflicts a Poison debuff. Occasionally, one of the puddles will be targeted on a player instead.  
Inhale: Cast immediately after Viper Poison. Eros will jump to the back of room and drag all players into the center of its hitbox.
Heaving Breath: Cast immediately after Inhale. Knocks all players to the other side of the arena. Move somewhere that won't land you in a poison puddle before cast goes off.
Confession of Faith: Eros moves to an edge of the arena and performs one of two attacks:
- Lightning Breath: If Eros's two side heads gain electrical orbs near their mouths, the attack resolves as a stack marker on a random player along with each of the side heads firing off a large cone attack to the sides, leaving the area directly in front of Eros safe.  
- Fire Breath: If Eros's center head gains a fiery orb in its mouth, the attack resolves as player-targeted circle AoEs on two random players along with a large cone attack from the center head. Stand directly next to Eros's sides to avoid the attack.