Here is the cleaned up strategy guide text for The Minstrel's Ballad: Nidhogg's Rage:

Strategy

Member of the First Brood: Nidhogg

Nidhogg will utilize many different abilities across a total of 6 phases, some of which are dealt in his standard Dragon Form, while others are exclusive to his Human Form later in the battle. Should the battle go on for 11 minutes, Nidhogg will spend 10 seconds to cast a Deafening Bellow that will wipe the entire raid.

Nidhogg's Dragon Form Abilities

Scarlet Whisper is a magic-based tank-buster with no cast-time that will cleave the main target for high damage.

Deafening Bellow is an arena-wide attack that deals moderate damage to the entire group.

Mortal Chorus is an arena-wide AoE that deals moderate damage and knockback. This will only be used during the transition from the add phase (3) to phase 4.

Bitter Hate is a stacking debuff that will inflict lethal damage on reaching 8 stacks. Due to this, the tank and off-tank will need to rotate in order to wipe their stacks and prevent an instant death.

Horrid Roar is actually two mechanics with the same name. One will target random players with overhead markers which, after 6 seconds, will hit victims for moderate AoE damage. The other version spawns non-telegraphed AoE puddles beneath random players. After 3 seconds, the puddles will explode, dealing high damage to anyone caught in the blast and inflict Hysteria for 6 seconds. Multiple puddles can be stacked on top of each other for ease of avoidance.

Cauterize causes Nidhogg to appear at one of the edges of the arena before diving across in straight line, dealing massive damage to any players caught in its wake.

Hot Tail is a straight AoE attack from one end of the arena to the other that passes through Nidhogg's centre, inflicting moderate damage and a Burns debuff to anyone it hits. To avoid this attack, players must move from underneath Nidhogg and stand at either edge of the arena.

Hot Wing is the inverse of Hot Tail - an AoE attack that covers the outer-sides of the arena. To avoid this attack, players must be standing underneath Nidhogg.

Akh Morn is indicated by a stack marker, encouraging players to group up and absorb upcoming damage. Once cast Akh Morn is fully cast, Nidhogg will repeatedly blast players with multistrike AoE for moderate damage, divided evenly amongst those within range of the stack marker.

Nidhogg will Touchdown after leaving the arena, inflicting light AoE damage to those nearby.

Nidhogg's Human Form Abilities

Final Chorus is an arena-wide AoE that, like Mortal Chorus, will only be used during the transition from the add phase (3) to phase 4. During this mechanic, all players will be inflicted with high damage.

Ala Morn - not to be confused with Akh Morn - is a physical single-target tank-buster that deals massive damage to the main target, encouraging the use of mitigation skills to reduce the impact.

Drachenlance is also a physical tank-buster that cleaves the main target and those around it for moderate damage.

High Jump will target either healers or DPS depending on the phase it is used in, indicated by purple markers above their heads. After 5 seconds, marked players will be hit by moderate damage and will leave behind an AoE puddle which will persist for 20 seconds. These puddles will apply bleeding to anyone who walks through them.

Geirskogul shoots line AoE's from High Jump puddles at random players with infinite range, cutting through the entire arena.

Soul Tether, like Geirskogul, will be cast from High Jump puddles, connecting interceptable tethers to those who initially dropped the puddle. After 10 seconds, these tethers will explode for major damage, likely killing a Healer or DPS target, thus all of these tethers should be grabbed by one of the tanks.

Eye of the Tyrant will target a random player with a stacking marker, encouraging players to group up to absorb upcoming damage.

Bloodrage inflicts unavoidable arena-wide damage to all players during the transition into the very final phase.

Darkdragon Dive will spawn four pillars in the corner-segments of the arena that need at least one player to be standing within them. After a few seconds, Darkdragon Dive will then hit the player(s) within the pillar for moderate damage. Unlike stack-mark mechanics, pillar damage will not be split between players if more than one is standing within them. In addition, if nobody stands within it at all, all players will be inflicted with massive damage instead. Shortly after connecting, a large flaming puddle will be left behind which will persist for 14 seconds, applying a Burns debuff to anyone who walks through.

Super Jump places a large marker on a random player for 10 seconds before inflicting an arena-wide AoE at their location, dealing increased damage to all other targets depending on how close each player is to the point of impact. In short, players should move as far away as possible from the chosen target and/or the marked player should move away from the rest of the group.

Phases

Phase 1 (Dragon Phase)
Phase 2 (Hot Wing/Hot Tail) 
Phase 3 (Add Phase)
Phase 4 (Human Form)
Phase 5 (Darkdragon Towers)
Phase 6 (Heart of the Dragon)