Here is the cleaned up text for the strategy guide on The Great Hunt trial in Final Fantasy 14:

The Great Hunt is a level 70 trial introduced in patch 4.36 with Stormblood. It is part of The Hunt For Rathalos crossover event. 

Crossover Mechanics & References

Eorzea's inhabitants must contend with a stray Rathalos that has been using the Azim Steppe as its feeding ground. With the help of a purr-sistant Felyne companion, players are tasked with tracking Rathalos to his den and putting an end to the fearsome wyvern before it wreaks havoc on the local ecosystem. The fight itself contains multiple Monster Hunter: World mechanics that make it very unique to Final Fantasy XIV.

For example, all party members come equipped with 10 Mega Potions that can heal the player to max health after a short drinking animation. Rathalos cannot be tanked, and there are very few telegraphed attacks (except fireballs). He is capable of poisoning players with his claws and can also stun players who take too many direct hits. Participants will witness a turf-war of sorts during phase 2, which also involves mounting Rathalos and attacking him with a hunting knife. Players can attempt to break his tail if they successfully knock him out of the air. In Extreme mode, carting three times results in a themed mission-failed animation and a full reset of the battle. Once Rathalos has been defeated in either mode, the head and tail can be carved for scales - a currency used to purchase themed cosmetics from a smithy. Players can also acquire their very own Poogie minion, Felyne companion, and even loot (or purchase) Rathalos himself as a mount.

There are many other references throughout the questline for fans of Monster Hunter: World to enjoy.

Strategy

Rathalos

There are three distinct phases during the Great Hunt - a grounded phase, an add phase and a flying phase. All three phases involve Rathalos utilizing various attacks against random targets.

Rathalos has no auto-attacks and is unaffected by enmity, meaning he cannot be tanked at any point during the encounter. Instead, players must keep an eye on his wind-up animations and react accordingly to avoid unnecessary damage. Seeing as targets are random per attack, a good rule of thumb is to keep an eye on the direction Rathalos is facing. If he turns in your direction, it is always best to move out of his path to avoid a potential rush-attack. Melee also needs to keep an eye out for his 360-degree tail-swipe (which will always be counterclockwise) as well as a short-ranged bite/swipe attack which will hit all players directly in front and behind Rathalos. Due to this, anyone close to Rathalos should try to stick to his left-flank whenever possible.

Phase 1: Grounded

Rathalos will rotate between a set of ground-based attacks against randomly chosen players. All players must keep an eye on where Rathalos is facing and what animation he is performing if they wish to avoid damage during his relentless onslaught.

Whipping Bite is indicated by Rathalos staring slightly to its left while opening his mouth and raising his tail. After a short delay, he will snap at players immediately in front of him while simultaneously swiping behind him with his tail. You can safely avoid this short-ranged attack by moving to either of Rathalos' flanks or by backing away.

Tail Swipe is a two-part attack indicated by Rathalos looking to his right side and menacingly raising his tail. After a brief delay, Rathalos will swing his tail in a 180-degree counterclockwise motion. Immediately after this, Rathalos will perform another 180-degree sweep after a short delay in the same counterclockwise motion. Anyone caught in the path of a Tail Swipe will receive moderate damage and a massive knockback, with a possibility of being Stunned. To avoid this, players should either move to Rathalos' left flank or move out of range during the wind-up animation.

Charging Bite is a rush-attack indicated by Rathalos turning towards a player (regardless of distance) and performing a brief roar-like animation. After a short delay, Rathalos will then lunge directly at that player with a vicious bite, be they near or far. All players caught in the path of his charge will be inflicted with moderate damage and knockback, as well as a chance of being Stunned. To avoid it, players should watch out for the brief wind-up animation and side-step out of its path as soon as possible.

Fireball is indicated by an overhead marker on the target player and is one of the few telegraphed attacks Rathalos uses. After rearing up for a few seconds, Rathalos will expel an unavoidable fireball at the marked player, inflicting moderate splash damage as well as a dispellable Burns debuff. Players with the marker should move away from the party to avoid inflicting unnecessary damage to others.

Evasive Breath is indicated by Rathalos turning towards a target player and lowering its head and body. After a short delay, Rathalos will blast the area directly in front of him with fire during a backward leap, damaging, Burning and knocking away anyone directly in front of him. This particular attack is one of the most dangerous as the telegraph is very short.

Rathalos will continuously target random players and use these abilities in no particular order until the third and final phase. Once Rathalos has been reduced to around 80% health, the add phase will begin.

Phase 2: Adds

For the most part, phase two is almost identical to phase one, except now the party must contend with some of the local wildlife joining the fray. On entering the arena, various types of adds will initially begin attacking Rathalos, all with their own AoE attacks. Unlike Rathalos, however, these adds are effected by enmity and can be tanked. It is worth noting that Rathalos' attacks will also damage these adds (and vice-versa); thus a good method is to grab all the stray adds and tank them close to Rathalos so that they damage each other until all adds are defeated. The Coeurl is the most problematic as it will occasionally use a massive conal AoE that can cover a large portion of the arena, thus it is wise to focus on this add first whenever possible, or at least turn it away from the party.

After being reduced to around 