Here is the cleaned up text for the Thornmarch (Hard) strategy guide:

Thornmarch (Hard) is a level 50 trial introduced in patch 2.1. As of patch 6.2, extensive changes have been implemented to streamline the encounter, as this is the first mandatory 8-player duty that new players will participate in.

Strategy

King of Moogles: Good King Moggle Mog XII

Owing to its lack of an ilvl sync, enemies' health can be downed quickly and thus not all mechanics listed below may be experienced. Initially, the Mooglesguard must be defeated before the boss, Good King Moggle Mog XII, appears. Each of the moogles has a class/job and name to tell them apart:

Whiskerwall Kupdi Koop - Paladin
Woolywart Kupqu Kogi - Archer 
Pukla Puki the Pomburner - Black Mage
Pukna Pako the Tailturner - Rogue
Furryfoot Kupli Kipp - White Mage (uses Blue Mage spell Pom Cure)
Ruffletuft Kupta Kapa - Warrior
Puksi Piko the Shaggysong - Bard

Phase 1

Moogles will gradually pop up over time, with only Kupdi Koop present at the start. He uses Spinning Mogshield, a point-blank AoE, but has nothing else noteable. Immediately after Kupdi Koop is defeated, Kupqu Kogi and Kupta Kapa will spawn. Kupqu Kogi casts Mograin of death, a damage AoE cast on every player, who should spread out to avoid overlapping, while Kupta Kapa casts 1000 Kuporize Swipe, a cone frontal AoE. Once they are defeated, Puksi Riko and Kupli Kipp will appear and attack. Puksi Riko casts Moogleday Night fever, a line AoE, while Kupli Kipp casts Pom Holy, a small damage AoE that may force players to begin dancing for a few seconds.

The last two Mooglesguard, Pukla Puki and Pukna Pako, will then drop down into the arena. Pukla Puki casts Pom Meteor, which summons 4 meteors signaled by falling Moogle heads towards red circles. Players should go into these circles to prevent the Moogle heads from hitting the ground and inflicting unavoidable damage. Meanwhile, Pukna Pako will cast a tankbuster, Moogle Thrust, so tanks should prepare with mitigation abilities. Once they are defeated, all the Mooglesguard will get up, now untargettable, and summon the boss, Good King Moogle Mog XII. The King casts Memento Moogle, inflicting hard unavoidable damage, while the Mooglesguard disappear and leave you to fight the King.

Phase 2

The King will be the only enemy targettable, and defeating him will the end the trial, but this phase will have many mechanics to look out for:

Good King's Decree: Throughout the fight, the King will summon his Mooglesguard, still untargettable, to bombard the raid with their abilities shown in Phase 1, only much more serious. 

First Decree: The King first summons Pukna Pako and Kupqu Kogi, and the former casts Pom Bog, creating a poison AoE in the middle of the arena. Meanwhile, the King casts Mog Stone IV, a stack marker, but be prepared to spread out afterwards, as Kupqu Kogi then casts Mograin of death. After that, the King casts Pom Holy.

Second Decree: The King next summons Kupdi Koop, Puksi Piko, and Kupta Kapa. Aside from Puksi Piko, the King and the other two Mooglesguard begin casting massive AoEs named Moogle-Go-Round, soon covering the entire arena in AoEs. Stay on the Moogle who begin casting Moogle-Go-Round next, then move to the King when he finishes casting to have a safe spot. Once the AoEs are done, Puksi Piko will cast Moogleday Night fever in the safe spot, forcing players to run to safety. After that, the King casts Twin Pom Meteor, the first time players will ever see a tankbuster stack marker, meaning the tanks should stack together to survive it, and then Pom Holy once more.

Third Decree: Lastly, the King summons Kupli Kipp and Pukla Puki. After Pukla Puki casts Pom Meteor again, the King casts Mog Comet, summoning circle AoEs that being chasing random players around. Once that is done, players should go inside the circles and mitigate the Moogle Heads. Kupli Kipp then casts Pom Stone III, covering the ciruclar middle in a AoE, and then the edges and middle. Once the middle AoE has gone, go there to avoid the second part of Pom Stone III. The King will immedietly cast Mog Stone IV, followed in rapid succession by Mog Creation, a Line Aoe, so players should spread out to avoid being hit once the stack is dealt with. 

After that, the King casts Pom Holy, as well as a tankbuster, 1000 Kuponze Charge. The King then repeats the Good King's Decree cycle as shown above until he is defeated.

Loot

12 Allagan Tomestone of Poetics
Good King Moggle Mog XII Card (Drops at a fixed rate.) 
Moggle Mog XII's Whisker (Drops at a fixed rate.)

Treasure Coffer

The treasure coffer contains various Mogpon weapons of item level 75.

Lore

Legend holds that, in a time long forgotten, mooglekind abided in the heavens as loyal servants of the gods. 

However, a war of deific proportions would erupt, triggered by a feud over a single goblet of wine. Growing we