<cleaned_strategy_text>
Alexander Prime has a considerable arsenal consisting of several different attacks.

Phase 1
Divine Spear - Frontal cleave on the MT that deals moderate damage. Keep the boss facing away from the group.
Punishing Heat - Tankbuster.
Mega Holy - Raid-wide AoE that deals moderate damage.
Sacrament - The boss will shoot out wide line AoEs (wider than his hitbox) in a cross pattern from his front, back, and both sides. Safe spots are a few steps away at the diagonals of his hitbox. Being hit applies a stack of Damage Down and Vulnerability Up.
Blazing Scourge - Two players will be marked with a round red marker. After a few seconds, they will be hit with a small AoE, dealing heavy damage to themselves and anyone caught in the AoE.

Phase 2
Wave 1 - Spawns 2 packs of 3 Arhidaeus's Lanner adds. Group them up in the center and nuke them down.
Wave 2 - Spawns 2 The General's Might adds. Each tank should take one and face them away from the group as they do frontal cleaves.
Wave 3 - Spawns 4 The General's Wing adds at the intermediate directions. These will repeatedly cast Almost Holy until they are dead. It's best to focus down 1 or 2 of them to prevent the heavy damage of the combined Almost Holy's before finishing off the rest.
Judgement - Used after all the Waves have been killed or too much time passes. Must use the tank LB to survive. Signals the start of Phase 3.

Phase 3
Temporal Stasis - Stops time for all players for ~9 seconds. Buffs and debuffs will have their countdown timers paused until this debuff falls off. Players will need to deal with Plaint of Solidarity and Plaint of Severity during this. Midway through while the attacks are going off, the boss will leap away to a random edge of the arena and face a random player to target with Sacrament. Players will have ~2 seconds after their time freeze debuff wears off to get out of the way.
Plaint of Solidarity - Obvious stack mechanic. Marked before Temporal Stasis goes off, hits shortly after players are frozen. Gives magic vulnerability.
Plaint of Severity - Marks 2 random players with a green marker before Temporal Stasis goes off, hits shortly after players are frozen. Deals AoE damage centered on the player. Stay out of the stack or you will die.
Time Gate - The boss will move to the center and spawn 4 adds around him. These adds will then move towards the outer edge of the arena before entering a portal. One player will need to follow each add through the portal and kill it. Once your add is dead, you can move to either side to assist your teammates to kill theirs. Once all are dead, players will be returned to the arena. If the adds aren't killed in time, the raid will wipe.
Gravitational Anomaly - Spawns multiple large black AoEs with red edges overlapping each other, with tiny safe spots in little triangles between the circles towards the boss and larger safe areas along the edges. The pattern is always the same, it will just be at different angles.
Incinerating Heat - Obvious stack mechanic.
Summon Alexander - Will summon a massive version of Alexander to the north of the arena.
Communion - Only used after Summon Alexander. Targets multiple players with red laser beams extending from the Giant Alexander. Players will then drop 4 white AoE puddles in a row while taking minor DoT damage. Take these to the edge of the arena so others don't need to worry about walking in them. Can happen during Temporal Stasis.
</cleaned_strategy_text>