<cleaned_strategy_text>
Strategy

Lamebrix Strikebocks
The edge of this arena is covered by an electric field that will apply a Stun, Paralysis and heavy-hitting Electrocution debuff that will kill players within a few ticks. Avoid stepping here at all costs.
Players will note that the floor has three buttons, one in the north, the center and the south. The boss will periodically jump to these traps to add a specific mechanic to the fight.
North Trap: Ice turrets fire on both edges of the arena.
Middle Trap: Two huge wrecking balls will fall from the ceiling and smash into the ground at the center of the arena.
South Trap: Spikes will come up out of the floor, stunning all players and locking them into place for 5 seconds and inflict a Bleed debuff.
Players can activate these traps as well as the boss, so be careful when navigating the arena.
The boss has another reoccurring mechanic throughout the fight, Charge attacks. These come out in either single, double or triple charges and will show an indicator as to what attack is coming out at the end of the cast:
Critical Wrath: Blue and white circle with lines moving outwards from the circle. Players will need to spread out to avoid this attack.
Bomb Toss: Orange circle with lines moving inwards. Furthest player away will have a bomb dropped on them. Players need to stack to mitigate damage.
Gobswipe Conklops: Green circle. This is a donut AoE so move into the boss's hitbox.
Gobspin Whooshdrops: Red circle with a triangle in the center. This is a point-blank AoE, so players need to move out.
These attacks can come out in any order, so players need to pay attention to the markers.

Phase 1
Goblin Rush: Three hit attack on the primary target, deals mid-range damage.
Gobrush Rush Gob: Three hit tankbuster on the primary target. Tanks will need to use cooldowns to survive.
Gobsway Rumblerocks: High raid-wide damage. Mitigate and heal through.
Single Charge: The indicator will tell players how to move. it will either be a move in or move out mechanic.
Trap: The boss will jump to one of the traps. The first trap is always the spike trap.
Single Charge: This will be the opposite of the previous attack. Players will still be stuck in place due to the spikes, so be sure to move prior to the attack.
Gobslash Slicetops: The main tank will receive a Prey marker and tether to the boss. The off tank will either need to Provoke the boss so the main tank can run away and break the tether, or the main tank can simply use an invulnerability skill. players should avoid being in front of the boss during this attack, as the attack fires out from the boss and will kill anyone it hits. The boss will follow up with another Gobrush Rush Gob, so healers should be ready for this.

Phase 2
Trap: This trap will be the ice turret trap. The boss will use Discharge to cover the center of the room in AoEs, forcing players to stand at the edge of the arena. The AoEs will resolve just before the trap fires, so players can move in to the center to avoid the turrets.
Gobsnick Leghops: The boss will summon clones around the arena and debuff players with Extreme Caution. This debuff requires players to stop attacking the boss until it resolves. This includes auto-attacks, so sheath your weapon. If players do attack the boss, they will be killed. After the debuff wears off the clones will leave, and players can attack the boss again.
The boss will leap to a random spot on the arena and cast Single Charge, and it will be the donut AoE, so follow the boss in. A clone will also spawn where the boss was standing that the off tank should grab.
After Single Charge goes off, be sure to separate the boss and the ad, as they will tether together and buff each other with Damage Up.
The clone will cast Gobswish Spraymops, a massive AoE with a small safe zone behind the boss. Players should focus on defeating the clone quickly, then return to the boss.
Trap: The boss will summon the wrecking balls this time while casting Discharge and marking the edges of the arena with AoEs, forcing players to stand under where the wrecking balls will land. The AoEs on the edges will detonate after the balls land however, so players can stand in them, then move to the safe zones just before they explode.
Double Charge: This set of charges will be the move in and move out mechanics, however they will be in a random order, so players will need to pay attention to see what attacks coming out.
The boss will leap to another random location and either cast Single Charge or Gobsnick Leghops. The boss will change tactics at 60% HP.

Phase 3
The boss will leap to one end of the arena and summon the Gob Press R-VI at the other end. This ad will slowly make its way across the arena via Steamroller, which will let it charge forward a short way. If a player is hit by this, they will die. The traps on the floor are inactive during this time, so players can move freely. Healers will be marked with Brighteyes, causing fire puddles to drop beneath them and debuffing them with Magic Vulnerability Up, preventing them from being able to take another puddle. Therefore, they must pass their prey markers to other players. The boss will also cast Illuminati Handcanon, players simply need to step out of these AoEs as needed, and Gobsway Rumblerocks, so healers will be on high alert during this.
Players need to kill the ad before they run out of room. Once they do, the boss will be targetable once again.

Phase 4
The boss will begin the phase with Goblin Rush and Gobrush Rush Gob.
Triple Charge: This attack has two patterns: Out, Spread, In or In, Out, Stack. Players will need to watch the indicators to know how to move.
The boss will leap away once more and leave behind another clone, and use Single Charge again. Handle this the same way as last time, pull the ad away and burn it down.
Gobspin Zoomdrops: The boss tethers to a player, begins to spin and slowly advances towards them. Anyone hit by this attack will be knocked back and and take heavy damage. The boss can only be knocked out of this state by the Ice turrets, so have the main tank take the tether and lead the boss towards the edge of the arena, and have the assigned player activate the trap. The boss will stop this attack and be attackable again.
Gobsplice Mooncrops: High damage and knockback into the sides of the arena. Players will need to activate the spike trap to not take the effects of the knockback.
The boss will leap across the arena and use either Single Charge or Gobsnick Leghops.
at 30%, the boss will summon chainsaws from the walls that shoot across the arena in a straight line, dividing the platform into 3 sections. These deal heavy damage and knockback, so be sure to stand in the safe spaces between them. The boss will use Illuminati Handcannon and Brighteyes, so dodge AoEs and pass prey markers accordingly. The boss will use another Single Charge with a point-blank AoE, so move to the other edge of the arena. The wall saws will recede at this point. The boss will use another Brighteyes and Gobslash Slicetops, then activate the Ice turrets and Wrecking ball traps one after the other. These can be handled the exact same way as before.
At this point, three ads will spawn, 1 Hedgeknight and 2 Goblin of Fortune. These ads are buffed with a very strong Vulnerability Down and will enrage and wipe the raid in 30 seconds. Players need to hit the ads with the wrecking ball trap to remove their buff, then burn them down as quickly as possible. The boss will cast Gobsway Rumblerocks throughout this time.
The boss will summon the wall saws once again, so be sure to avoid them once again. The boss will cast a Triple Charge with three random attacks.
From here, the phase will repeat again, until the boss is defeated, or the boss enrages and wipes the party.
</cleaned_strategy_text>