<cleaned_strategy_text>
Strategy
This fight consists of four mini-bosses similar to the Normal fight. Each fight requires high damage output to meet the hard enrage timer of 10 minutes and 30 seconds. Players also need to be very aware of the mechanics of each boss, as making a mistake will most likely lead to a wipe.

Blaster
The boss debuffs the main tank with a Magic Vulnerability Up debuff. This does not require a swap however, as the boss deals mostly physical damage. Be aware that the debuffed tank can not handle any magic mechanics.
Mind Blast: If the cast goes off, all players will be confused. This needs to be interrupted if it goes off the party will most likely wipe.[1]
Mines: The boss will drop four mines in random locations, two red and two blue. The red mines are visible the whole time and can simply be avoided. The blue mines will only be visible for a moment, then turn invisible. These deal high damage and must be destroyed by the off-tank as these deal magic damage.
Mirages: 4 random players will be marked, and Mirage enemies will drop on them, then dash away in a random direction. When they drop they also deal splash damage. Players need to move out of the way for these, otherwise they will take massive damage and a Damage Down debuff.
Mirages: 5 Mirage ads will spawn and begin casting a heavy Damage Down debuff. This is a DPS check. All the ads must be defeated before this cast goes off, otherwise players will not be able to deal enough damage to beat the enrage.
Once all the ads are gone, the fight will continue. The mechanics will repeat up to the players having Mirages drop on them. This time, they will be tethered, and a Mirage will spawn either with its hands in the air or crouched. If the Mirage is crouched, players need to turn to face their Mirage. If it has its hands up, players need to turn away. If players are untethered, they simply need to continue the fight. Doing this mechanic wrong will result in the Mirage exploding and wiping the party.
After this the mechanics will repeat once more, and the mini-boss needs to be defeated before this.

Brawler
This boss deals magic damage, so the non-debuffed tank needs to pull the boss while the debuffed tank needs to avoid mechanics until the debuff fades.
The tank should pull the boss to the center of the room with the players standing behind the boss for ease of handling mechanics. The boss will give a stacking Magic Vulnerability Up debuff, so tanks need to swap at around 2 stacks, or the damage will become too high.
The bosses' attacks are determined by his Attachments like the normal fight. If the boss has one blaster, it is using a tank buster that must be faced away from the party. If the boss has two blasters, the party must group up and soak the damage. If the boss has one drill, the boss will slam into the ground and deal proximity damage. Players should run to the edge of the arena to avoid. If the boss has two drills, it will hit the closest and furthest players to it. Players can bait the attacks by sending one player to the furthest edge away from the boss and have one player stand in its hitbox, while other players stack at max melee damage to keep up DPS.
The boss will also summon Steam Chakrams that move slowly around the edge of the arena. Standing under these deal heavy damage and give the Paralysis debuff.
The mechanics will repeat until the boss reaches 0% HP. It will then return to the center of the room and begin using attacks while spawning orbs that slowly move towards the boss in four waves:
Power Plasma Alpha: A small orb that can be stunned/slowed. Leaves debuffs and deals high damage if the orb reaches the boss.
Power Plasma Beta: A large orb that cannot be destroyed. Deals high raid-wide damage that needs to be mitigated and healed through. The orbs spawn at the same time, and one must be stunned so they don't reach the boss at the same time, so healers have time to heal up between orbs.
Power Plasma Gamma: The off tank needs to burst these. They drop splash damage, harming anyone nearby them. They deal heavy raid-wide damage if they reach the boss.
These spawn in the following waves:
Wave 1: 2 Alpha, 2 Gamma
Wave 2: 2 Alpha, 1 Gamma, 2 Beta
Wave 3: 2 Alpha, 1 Gamma
Wave 4: 3 Alpha, 1 Gamma.
While these are spawning and being destroyed, players also need to be watching for mechanics from the boss. After this, the door will open, leading to the next fight.

Swindler
Like the Normal fight, players need to watch for the height of the floor and the debuff they have. If a player has a purple debuff, they need to stand on the lower floors. If they have a red debuff, they need to stand on the higher floor. Doing this mechanic incorrectly results in death.
Enumeration: A tank and a healer are targeted and spawn a circle with a random number of orbs in it. The orbs indicate how many players need to stand in that circle to soak damage.
Height: Marks players with a random High/Low Arithmetic debuff, and players must stand on the platform at the correct height.
Bio Arithmetics: High raid-wide damage. Mitigate and heal through.
The boss will also spawn ads all over the arena that rush the main tank. These ads being near the boss give it buffs, and the boss will eventually use a point-blank AoE to buff the ads. A Hardmind and Hardhelm will spawn and debuff players like other fights. A Gobwalker will also spawn and debuff the tank, so it's important to burn them down first, followed by the minds.
The off tank should Provoke the boss and pull it to the opposite side, away from all the ads. This will prevent anyone getting buffed and making the fight harder.
The mechanics here will repeat until the second wave of ads, when four Midan Gunners will spawn at the cardinal directions and fire once every ten seconds. Every time the guns fire, they get an Damage Up buff, so players should make taking these out a priority. After that simply burn the boss down in the center of the arena.

Vortexer
Brute Force: A high damage tankbuster that adds a stacking Physical Vulnerability Up debuff on the tank. Tanks need to swap at two stacks, or the damage ill be too high to manage.
Elemental Jammer: Marks two random players with either Compressed Lightning or Compressed Water.
Fire AoEs will spawn on random players and drop puddles where they were standing. These puddles will debuff a player standing in them with Dropsy damage-over-time and Heavy, greatly slowing the players movement.
Fire Beam: Four random players are marked, then the boss fires a line AoE at them. Players need to spread out to avoid overlapping damage.
Super Cyclone: Knocks players back a set distance and deals damage.
Ice Missiles: Two random players are marked with Ice Missiles over their heads, and puddles are dropped beneath where the player was standing. The ice puddle will expand once.
Ultraflash: Players need to hide behind an ice pillar to avoid this attack. The attack removes all puddles and pillars from the fight as well as all debuffs.
The main mechanics of this fight are managing the different elemental debuffs and swapping the Compressed Elemental debuffs which explode every 20 seconds correctly. The Compressed Water debuff needs to be split with at least four players and drops a Water Spout where the original debuffed player was standing that tethers to players that get too close with Drainage, dealing damage and knocking players away, while the Compressed Lightning debuff only needs to be stacked with one other player. If these debuffs aren't passed to another player, the debuff explodes, wiping the raid.
After passing on their debuff, the originally debuffed player receives a vulnerability down debuff for the element they were inflicted with, meaning they can no longer hold the debuff again or it will kill them. If a player dies while transferring the debuff, the debuff explodes, wiping the raid.
The best way to handle this phase is to designate set locations to exchange each debuff, this way players will be able to plan how they move for each mechanic.
The boss will start with Elemental Jammer, inflicting the debuffs to two random players. The fire AoEs will then spawn puddles that players will need to move around. Avoid dropping a fire puddle near where the water debuff will be passed off later, as the spout is needed for a mechanic. The boss will then use Fire Beam, so marked players need to spread out. After this, the first debuff swap will be ready to happen at this point, so move to the assigned locations to swap debuffs. Players will then be marked with Ice Missiles. Players need to drop these puddles near the water spout for Ultraflash without getting too close to avoid tethering, so it's advised to drop them within range of the growth that the puddles have. Players will then need to exchange debuffs again, so move to do this. The player with the Water Resistance Down debuff can stack with the Compressed Lightning player this time. Players will then move to the center of the room to stack and bait the next round of fire puddles, then spread out to avoid the Fire Beams. At least one player needs to stand in front of the water spout so the fire attack hits the spout and dissolves it. Be sure not to hit the ice pillar with fire.
The boss will cast Super Cyclone close to the time that the third debuff, and players will not have time to restack, so players should stack and be prepared to be pushed into the correct locations. The boss will follow up with Ultraflash, so players need to move behind the ice pillar to avoid this. After Ultraflash fires, all puddles, water spouts and debuffs will be removed, and the mechanics will repeat once again.
Players will have to defeat the Vortexer within this window to avoid the hard enrage and wiping the party.

NOTE: Mindblast doesn't cause confusion anymore since at least Patch 6.2, it is unknown if it is a bug or intentionally patched. It is still a hefty raidwide if not interrupted.[Needs Investigation]
</cleaned_strategy_text>