<cleaned_strategy_text>
Quickthinx Allthoughts
This fight requires players to pay attention to various mechanics and tells to avoid receiving heavy debuffs and wiping the party. Many of the mechanics in this fight are similar to the Normal fight but will have tighter timings or additional mechanics added on. This fight also has a hard enrage timer of 12 minutes 30 seconds, so players also need to push DPS hard in early phases to make it easier to deal with a DPS check in the final phase.

In phases 1, 3 and 6, the boss will cycle through all four types of Jail from the Normal fight, two at a time. While the order of the pairs of jails will be random, the pairs are consistent:
Phase 1: Tanks will be paired with healers, and casters with melees.
Phase 3: Casters will be paired with healers, and tanks with melees.
Phase 6: Casters will be paired with tanks, and melees with healers.

The boss will also not target the correct players for Jail, instead a tether and a prey marker will spawn on a player, and need to be passed to the correct player for the jail. The tethered player will be pulled into their jail by an ad that will explode in a wide radius, hitting the edge of the center arena, so players should be careful. The tether can be passed simply by intercepting the tether. For the prey marker, players need to overlap to pass it. Once a player passes the prey marker, they receive the debuff Slippery Prey and be unable to pick up the marker. The player will be stunned and picked up by an ad and taken to their jail.

Players can differentiate between the jails they need to go to based on the color of the walls on the platform:
Red: An ad with a Physical Vulnerability Down buff will spawn in here, so only casters will be effective. A padlock will additionally spawn on the door of the Jail and needs to be broken as soon as possible, as the player inside the jail won't be able to move until it is broken.
Purple: An ad with a Magic Vulnerability Down buff will spawn here, so a melee player will be effective.
White: Damage from the ad in here needs to be mitigated and must not touch the walls, so a tank is effective.
Green: The player must stand over the vent to protect the party from a DoT, and shield and heal through the damage.

Players will also be able to tell what pairing of Jails are coming out based on what attack the boss does:
Phase 1: If a melee player gets a bomb, the caster/melee Jails will spawn. If a healer gets a bomb, the tank/healer Jails will spawn.
Phase 3: If a healer gets a bomb, the caster/healer Jails spawn. If a ranged player gets a bomb, the melee/tank Jails spawn.
Phase 6: If the off tank is targeted by Sizzlebeam, the caster/tank Jails spawn. If a bomb drops on a melee and healer, the melee/healer Jails spawn.

Before the fight begins, players should assign positions around the main arena and on the four platforms for a mechanic in the fight. Players should also mark a spot on the main arena to pass a prey marker, so it doesn't accidentally get passed to the wrong player.

Finally, players should be aware that the boss receives a buff called Highwire for each player death that occurs. This buff increases damage output significantly and even one stack can make mechanics very hard to deal with.

Phase 1
The main tank should pull the boss to the center of the arena to make it easier to handle mechanics.
Corporal Punishment: Two random players are targeted and large AoEs spawn under the player twice. Spread out to avoid.
Sizzlespark: Raid-wide damage that adds a Lightning Resistance Down debuff. Mitigate and heal through.
Sizzlebeam: A line AoE hits a marked player and mark them with an Electrocution damage over time debuff. The marked player should move away from other players to avoid overlapping damage.
Bombs: All players will be tethered to a bomb. Players can't get away from their bomb, so they need to avoid the damage from another player's bomb. Move to assigned positions to avoid overlap, as the bombs deal high damage and give a Magic Vulnerability Up debuff, so getting hit by more than one bomb will result in death. The bomb exploding while a player is over the spikes will also cause a death. Following this the boss drop a bomb on a player to signify that Jails are about to spawn.
Jails: Pay attention to whom the bomb drops on, as this will indicate what jail is spawning and pass tethers and markers to the correct players. While these mechanics are being resolved, the boss will use Zoomdoom to fly away from the arena and drop an AoE beneath where it was standing, hurting any player in this AoE and debuffing with Suppuration, making the debuffed player receive less healing. Ads will spawn on the center arena at this time:
Panzer Doll: These dolls will explode after 30 seconds if not dealt with, dealing high raid-wide damage and potentially leading to a wipe.
Sturm Doll: This doll casts Kugelblitz which debuffs players with Paralyze. This attack needs to be stunned as soon as possible. These dolls will also explode if not dealt with quickly.
If the caster Jail is currently active, be sure to deal with the padlock as a priority.
Once the ads have been defeated, the boss will return to the arena and cast another Sizzlespark. Players coming back from their Jails should avoid being on spikes when this attack goes off, as the damage will be amplified and could lead to a death.

Phase 2
Uplander Doom: A multi-hit tankbuster that adds 4-6 stacks of Physical Vulnerability Up debuff. A tankswap is necessary once all the stacks come out, but players can swap back after the debuff falls off. After this, the spikes on the floor disappear, two Weight of the World balls and Shanoa the Cat will spawn.
The balls will roll around the room, so avoid these. Shanoa will cast Undying Affection Which will spawn a True Heart that will move towards the boss and buff it with four stacks of Highwire, essentially causing a wipe. It is best to keep the boss and Shanoa separate so players will have time to slow/stun the heart and kill it.
Flamethrower: A random healer will be targeted and marked, and the boss will fire a line AoE at the healer, dealing damage and debuffing anyone hit with Searing Wind, causing the player to pulse damage and knockback in a wide radius. The healer hit by this will need to stay away from the party until the debuff fades.
A second True Heart will spawn. The off tank should take the boss away while the party burns down the heart. After it's defeated the room returns to normal and the boss can be moved back to the center.

Phase 3
The next Jail indicator will come out here, so handle accordingly. If the caster/healer Jails spawn, a Sturm Doll will spawn in the center arena for the party to burn down after destroying the padlock. If the melee/tank Jails spawn, players will have to deal with two Panzer Dolls instead.
After the ads are dead, the boss will return and cast Sizzlebeam followed by Sizzlespark twice in a row. Due to the player hit by Sizzlebeam having an Electrocution damage over time debuff and the Lightning Resistance Down debuff, they will receive a large amount of damage, so healers should be ready for this.
The opposite Jails from the previous spawn will appear now, so once again players will have to handle these mechanics. The boss will return and follow up with Uplander Doom, So be ready to tankswap after the attack ends. The boss will then follow up with two Sizzlesparks and another Sizzlebeam. The boss will throw Bombs on each player, so players should move to preassigned positions. Finally, the boss will cast Sizzlespark three times.

Phase 4
The boss will start with an Uplander Doom that will hit 5 times, then cast Flamethrower. The central platform will become electrified, so players will need to move to the smaller platforms at the corners of the arena, while the Searing Winds healer needs to go to a platform by themselves to avoid dealing damage to other players.
The boss will cast Corporal Punishment that will fire four times, causing players to need to bait the AoEs on the corners of the tiny platform, then move around the platform as the other AoEs spawn to avoid trapping players in an attack. The boss will cast Sizzlespark and follow up with another Corporal Punishment that fires four times. By this point, the healer can rejoin the party if they desire, or can heal from afar. The boss will cast another 3 Sizzlesparks followed by another Sizzlebeam, causing heavy damage to the player hit and finally another two Sizzlesparks
The damage coming out of this phase can be insanely heavy, so healers should be ready to focus on healing and keeping players topped off between attacks.

Phase 5
The spikes will disappear and the Weight of the World balls will spawn with Shanoa. This phase is very similar to phase three, with the exception of the 3 Sizzlesparks at the end. The order of mechanics are as follows:
Flamethrower is cast on a healer who will need to move away from the party.
The first True Heart will spawn, keep the boss away and slow/stun the heart to burn it down.
The boss will cast a Sizzlebeam on a DPS, so have them stand against the wall to mitigate the chances of the attack hitting anyone else.
Another Flamethrower to deal with.
The second True Heart will spawn, handle it like the 2nd heart in 3rd phase.
Finally, the 3 Sizzlesparks will be cast, dealing heavy damage. The arena will return to normal, and the boss can be returned to the center of the room.

Phase 6
The first of the final Jails will spawn here. If the boss casts Sizzlebeam on the off tank, the caster tank Jails spawn. The party will burn down one Panzer Doll, the padlock on the caster Jail, then the other Panzer Doll. If a bomb drops on the healer and the melee, the melee healer Jails will spawn, with the players in the center burning down the Panzer Doll and the Sturm Doll. The boss will return to the arena at this point and cast Sizzlebeam, followed by three Sizzlesparks. This will deal huge damage to the player targeted by the beam, so players need to be ready to mitigate and heal. Finally, the last Jails will spawn, the opposite to what spawned at the start of the phase.
At this point, the boss will enrage with a final Sizzlespark that has a cast of 10 seconds. The boss needs to be defeated by this point or the party will wipe.
</cleaned_strategy_text>