<cleaned_strategy_text>
Alexander Prime
Phase 1
Divine Spear: The boss fires a frontal cone attack with no cast bar. This deals high damage and must be pointed away from the party.
Punishing Heat: A high damage tankbuster. The main tank needs to use heavy cooldowns to survive this. The boss will fire another Divine Spear.
Blazing Scourge: Two random players are marked with red orbs, then are hit 3 times for high damage. Players need to separate to avoid overlapping damage.
Incinerating Heat: A random healer will be marked with a stack marker. Players need to stack to mitigate the damage.
Mega Holy: Raid-wide AoE. Mitigate and heal through.
Gravitational Anomaly: Players will drop AoE markers that will grow. Players need to move out of these quickly and move towards the boss, which can fire one of two attacks:
Radiant Sacrament: The boss fires a large donut AoE that can only be avoided by moving close to the boss. If hit, most players will die. It also debuffs with Infirmity and Damage Down.
Sacrament: Fires line AoEs from the boss, can only be dodged on the diagonals of the boss's hitbox. If a player gets hit by this, they will most likely die. If not, they will be debuffed with Infirmity and Damage Down. The boss will fire another Divine Spear and a Punishing Heat.
At this point the boss will disappear from the arena and ads will begin to spawn.

Phase 2
Wave 1: Arrhidaeus's Lanner: Two groups of these will spawn at the east and west. Pick these up, group them together and AoE them down.
Wave 2: The General's Wing: These cast Almost Holy constantly until deafeated. After each cast they will receive a stack of Magic Damage Up. Focus on taking out two at a time to mitigate how many stacks the ads receive.
Wave 3: The General's Time: This ad will have a large green circle underneath it that buffs the other ad that spawns with Damage Up. Have the off tank grab it and pull them apart. It will also use Half Gravity, dealing high damage to the tank, and gaining a stack of Magic Damage Up after each cast.
The General's Might: Will spawn close to The General's Time. Have the main tank pull this ad away. It will cast Smash, dealing high damage to the tank and receives a stacking Physical Damage Up buff after each hit.
Divine Judgment: Players need to destroy all ads before the boss finishes casting this, otherwise it is a wipe. Even with all the ads dead, Tank players will still need to use a level 3 Limit Break to mitigate the attack enough to survive.

Phase 3
Chronofoil: The boss will return to the center of the arena and grow wings. The main tank should also provoke and establish enmity, as the enmity has reset for the boss.
The boss will then follow up with a Gravitational Anomaly and another Sacrament, a Divine Spear, Punishing Heat and yet another Divine Spear.
Temporal Stasis: Players will be completely frozen for about 8 seconds and hit by an attack. They will also receive specific debuffs that require players to participate in specific mechanics. Failure to do so will result in the death of the player:
Defamation: Players will receive a massive AoE that must be moved away from the rest of the party to avoid. It also inflicts a Magic Vulnerability Up debuff, meaning a player can not be hit by more than one. It is recommended that players with this debuff move to the east, south and west.
Shared Sentence: Players will need to stack with other players to split the damage of this attack in a small AoE, however they can not stack with another player that has this debuff, or the players that have Defamation.
Restraining Order: Two players will be tethered with a blue line, and both hit by a small AoE attack. Players tethered together must move as far away from each other as possible.
House Arrest: Two players are tethered together with a red and green tether, and both will be hit by a small AoE. These players must stack close to each other.
These debuffs can come out in any order and can target any player. Sometimes a player might not even receive a debuff. There are a few general rules that players can expect to follow to make this phase as easy as possible:
Players with Defamation can never stack, as the Magic Vulnerability Up debuff will cause the damage to kill them.
Players with Defamation and Shared Sentence can never stack for the same reason.
Players with Shared Sentence can not stack together for the same reason.
If you have no debuff, pair up with the Shared Sentence player.
Players with the Restraining Order debuff should move to opposite sides of the arena, or as far as possible if a player is a melee fighter.
If all players have a debuff, the Shared Sentence players can stack with the Restraining Order players.
As long as players satisfy the requirements of their debuffs by the time the cast finishes, everyone will survive.

Phase 4
Time Gate: Four ads spawn that move into four time gates. The ads and time gates will always spawn in the same place:
The General's Wing will spawn in the northeast and northwest. One DPS player should enter each time gate to destroy the ads. They will cast Almost Holy continuously until defeated.
The General's Might will spawn in the southwest. The off tank should enter this time gate. The ad will cast Smash until defeated. This ad deals high damage, so mitigate and self heal as needed.
The General's Time will spawn at the southeast. Send a healer into this time gate. The ad will cast Half Gravity and healers will need to heal through the damage.
After an ad is defeated, that player will be able to move to another platform to help defeat the other ads. When all ads are destroyed, players will be returned to the arena. If the ads are not defeated within 60 seconds, the raid will wipe.
Judgment Crystal: Random players are marked, and a crystal drops on them, dealing damage to the player as well as splash damage and leaves a point blank AoE. If the boss is near a crystal, it will cast TetraShatter and explode in a proximity based AoE. It is recommended players drop the crystals on the edges of the platform at the intercardinals. The boss will fire various attacks during this, evade them as you did in the previous phases.
Inception: The boss will disappear and reappear at one of eight locations on the arena. If the crystals were placed at the intercardinals, players can determine where it will reappear based on what crystal explodes. This is helpful as the boss will cast Sacrament immediately upon respawning, allowing the party to move to safe locations at the boss's diagonals.
The boss will cast Inception again, this time debuffing players: 1 Defamation debuff, 1 Shared Sentence debuff, and 6 tethered players of either red & green or blue. Players will need to watch what crystal begins to explode to predict where the safe zones will be and group in them to satisfy the debuffs.
The debuffs always attach to the same players in the same order: The main tank will always receive the Defamation, the off tank will link to a DPS, a healer to a DPS, the other healer will get Shared Sentence, and the final two DPS will link together. It is recommended that players group in the following way: The off tank, both healers, and the DPS with House Arrest move to one zone, and the main tank and the DPS with Restraining Order to the other. The two DPS that are linked together will move according to their tether. The boss will respawn and immediate fire, so if players are prepositioned properly, they should be safe.

Phase 5
Summon Alexander: Alexander Fortress will spawn at the outer edge of the platform and will fire various attacks:
Holy Bleed: High damage raid-wide AoE. The boss will glow blue. Mitigate and heal through.
Communion: Players are targeted with lasers and drop 6 puddles. these puddles will debuff with Bleed if stepped into, so players should drop these by the edge of the arena.
Void of Repentance: Two puddles spawn around the arena. Players must soak them 3 times in order to get rid of them. If they are left alone, they will explode and deal raid-wide damage and debuff with Infirmity and Bleed. When stepped into the puddles deal damage and inflict Magic Vulnerability Up and Reduced Immunity debuffs. Each soak will shrink the size of the puddle but increases the damage it deals per soak.
The boss will then cycle through several attacks in a row, Incinerating Heat, Holy Bleed, Holy Scourge, a four-hit heavy damage tankbuster that needs to be mitigated through, and then a Chastening Heat that can either be tankswapped or the main tank can pop an invulnerability skill. Finally, the boss will use Void of Repentance again.
This phase will repeat until either the boss is defeated or enrages and uses Judgment Protocol to wipe the party.
</cleaned_strategy_text>