<cleaned_strategy_text>
Alphascape V2.0 (Normal) Guide

Midgardsormr
Players will take on Midgardsormr within a square-shaped arena that contains no death-walls or passive hazards. Below is a list of all abilities used during the encounter and in the order that they occur.

Ambient Aether
Throughout the encounter, Midgardsormr will draw in aether by spinning in a circle twice in quick succession. After he gathers aether twice, an attack will launch based on how Midgardsormr spun and in which order. The two types of spins he can do are a horizontal spin and a vertical spin. After executing two spins (which are chosen in a semi-random fashion), a specific AoE attack will be launched.

Horizontal + Horizontal: Point-blank AoE that extends slightly beyond Midgardsormr's hitbox. If you notice a double horizontal spin, all players should move as far away from Midgardsormr as possible.

Horizontal + Vertical: Donut AoE that leaves a save spot inside Midgardsormr's hitbox. If you notice a horizontal-into-vertical spin, all players should move into Midgardsormr's hitbox immediately.

Vertical + Vertical: Two straight-line AoEs through Midgardsormr, forming a '+' shape. One line will always be in the direction Midgardsormr is facing, with the second line always being perpendicular to the first. Seeing as Midgardsormr is typically tanked while he is facing north, all players should move to the far corner of the arena if they notice a double-vertical flip.

Getting hit by any of these attacks will inflict high damage and stackable Damage Down and Vulnerability Up debuffs, thus all participants must keep an eye on Midgardsormr when he begins to spin and be ready to preemptively react to upcoming attacks once the spin-order has been discerned. It is worth noting that once Midgardsormr begins to spin, no auto-attacks or boss movement will take place, leaving everyone (including the tanks) free to preemptively move out of upcoming AoEs and then reposition themselves as needed.

Phase 1
Ambient Aether - Midgardsormr will perform a double-spin and follow-up attack (depending on the spin-order). See above for a list of all possible combinations and how to avoid them.

Ambient Aether + Earth Shaker - applies a mark to four random players whilst Midgardsormr is performing another double-spin. Once the double-spin concludes, four shock-waves will fire in a line from Midgardsormr's center to each of the marked players (at the same time as the Ambient Aether attack). Players must quickly discern which double-spin-attack Midgardsormr is performing and prepare to dodge it whilst the marked and unmarked players spread out to avoid overlapping each-other with Earth Shaker shockwaves.

Akh Morn - applies a stack marker to a single player. Unlike most common stack mechanics, Akh Morn is a multi-hitting attack, thus all participants should stack with the marked player and remain with them until all of the multi-hits have been executed, rather than running away after the initial blast.

Ambient Aether + Thunderstorm - applies an AoE marker to four random players whilst Midgardsormr is performing another double-spin. Once the double-spin concludes, the four marked players will be blasted with AoE lightning, forcing them to not only avoid the aether-attack, but also other members of the raid so that damage doesn't overlap onto others. After the four marked players have detonated, four AoE circles will be left on the ground that will eventually be blasted with lightning. Simply move out of the circles to avoid taking damage.

Ambient Aether - Midgardsormr will perform a guaranteed double vertical spin, resulting in the '+' shaped straight-line AoE follow-up, forcing everyone to run to a far corner of the arena.

Ice-Storm - marks two players with very noticeable ice-circle markers. After a brief delay, players with the ice-markers will drop puddles of ice at their current location that will slowly grow in size and inflict Frostbite upon anyone who remains within them. As a rule of thumb, marked players should make an effort to drop these puddles into the outer edges of the arena - preferably the corners.

Ambient Aether - Midgardsormr will perform yet another guaranteed double vertical spin, resulting in the '+' shaped straight-line AoE follow-up, forcing everyone to run to a far corner of the arena whilst also avoiding the Ice-Storm puddles.

Cauterize - causes Midgardsormr to leave the arena and eventually reappear somewhere along its outer edges. After a brief delay, he will quickly dart across that half of the arena, inflicting tremendous (typically fatal) damage on anyone caught in his path. To avoid, simply look for where Midgardsormr has appeared and preemptively move out of his upcoming flight-path. However, Scarlet Thread will be taking place at the same time, so watch out!

Scarlet Thread - spawns fireballs around the entire arena that will eventually shoot straight-line AoEs across the battlefield in a checkerboard fashion. Any player hit by Scarlet Thread fireballs will receive moderate damage and be afflicted with a stack of Suppuration. Due to being executed at the same time as Cauterize, players must avoid the onslaught of straight-line AoEs as well as Midgardsormr's dive-bomb attacks across the platform.

NOTE: Puddles left behind by Ice-Storm will persist until the next phase begins, so make sure to drop them out of harm's way whenever possible, or you'll have to avoid dive-bombs, straight-line AoEs and misplaced puddles of doom.

Add Phase
Midgardsormr leaves the battlefield and begins building up a Midgardsormr's Aether gauge. During this time, an Ancient Dragon and eight Immortal Keys will spawn. The keys will tether to the dragon and render it Invulnerable until they are all destroyed. Throughout this time, the Ancient Dragon will need to be picked up by a tank and turned away from the group while it executes various moves.

Frost Breath - a cone attack centered on the dragon's primary target.
Rime Wreath - raidwide damage.

Once the adds are all dead, or Midgardsormr's Aether reaches 100, Midgardsormr will cast Protostar, dealing high damage three times in a row. If his Aether was allowed to reach 100, the raid will suffer an unavoidable wipe.

Final Phase
After Protostar has been cast, Midgardsormr will return to the arena for the final phase of the fight.

Tail End - a vicious tankbuster against the primary target.

Exaflare - spawns several staggered arrow AoEs at one edge of the arena that will eventually explode for high damage and gradually moving across the arena in the direction of the arrow. Each Exaflare can only spawn once per "column" of the arena, so getting behind the first one that spawns is a good method of avoiding the remaining flares. However, Midgardsormr may sometimes couple this attack with Cauterize, forcing the raid to dodge these travelling explosions whilst also trying to avoid dive-bombs across a random half of the arena.

Northern Cross - inflicts moderate arena-wide damage and coats the arena in Thin Ice, causing players who attempt to move in a direction to uncontrollably slide in that direction a set distance. Whilst Thin Ice is active, players will now have to deal with a random Ambient Aether combo, so keep an eye on how Midgardsormr spins and be ready to slide into a safe area to avoid the follow-up attack.

Akh Rhal - causes energy to erupt from beneath two random players (in the form of multi-hitting AoE circles), dealing moderate damage several times before dissipating. The targeted players will need to move out of the attack after the first unavoidable hit if they wish to avoid further damage. After executing Akh Rhai, Midgardsormr will perform another Ambient Aether (double-vertical-spin), forcing players to rush to the corners of the arena to dodge the '+' shaped attack. Simultaneously, four players will be marked with thunderous AoE circles, forcing them to spread apart from other members of the group to avoid overlapping damage.

At this point in the battle, Midgardsormr's mechanics will begin to loop until he has been defeated (or the raid wipes). Mechanics players can expect to see include more Cauterize (dive-bombs), Exaflare (travelling explosions), Ambient Aether + Earthshaker combos, Akh Morn (stack markers), Northern Cross (Thin Ice), and various other AoE circle mechanics - nothing that you haven't already experienced throughout the rest of the battle.
</cleaned_strategy_text>