<cleaned_strategy_text>
Strategy
Midgardsormr
Players will take on Midgardsormr within a square-shaped arena that contains no death-walls or passive hazards. Below is a list of all abilities used during the encounter and in the order that they occur.

Ambient Aether
Similar to Normal mode, Midgardsormr will frequently draw in aether by spinning in a circular motion twice in quick succession. After he gathers aether twice, an attack will launch based on how Midgardsormr spun and in which order. The two types of spins he can do are a horizontal spin and a vertical spin. After executing two spins (which are chosen in a semi-random fashion), a specific AoE attack will be launched.

Horizontal + Horizontal: Point-blank AoE that extends slightly beyond Midgardsormr's hitbox. If you notice a double horizontal spin, all players should move as far away from Midgardsormr as possible.

Horizontal + Vertical: Donut AoE that leaves a safe spot inside Midgardsormr's hitbox. If you notice a horizontal-into-vertical spin, all players should move into Midgardsormr's hit-box immediately.

Vertical + Vertical: Two straight-line AoEs through Midgardsormr, forming a '+' shape. One line will always be in the direction Midgardsormr is facing, with the second line always being perpendicular to the first. Seeing as Midgardsormr is typically tanked while he is facing north, all players should move to the far corner of the arena if they notice a double-vertical spin.

In Savage mode, none of the attacks performed after a spin-combo will come with a telegraph. Also, Midgardsormr may stall after an initial spin to execute moves or multiple auto-attacks before performing a second spin (unlike normal mode, where Midgardsormr always performs both spins with no downtime). Lastly, there is an additional combo for players to learn:

Vertical + Horizontal: Two straight-line AoEs through Midgardsormr, forming an 'x' shape. Seeing as Midgardsormr is typically tanked in the middle of the arena while he is facing north, all players should move to the far north, south, east or west of the arena whenever they notice a vertical + horizontal spin, as only very small safe-zones will be present in these locations.

Getting hit by any of these attacks will inflict high damage and stackable Damage Down and Vulnerability Up debuffs, thus all participants must keep an eye on Midgardsormr when he begins to spin and be ready to pre-emptively react to upcoming attacks once the spin-order has been discerned.

Opening Phase
Tail End - a vicious and frequently used tank-buster against the primary target that requires mitigation cooldowns or even immunity cooldowns. To be extra-safe, tank-swapping is advised until later in the battle.

Ambient Aether (V + H) - Midgardsormr will introduce the raid to the new combo mechanic by spinning vertically, then horizontally, indicating an upcoming 'x' shaped attack. Assuming Midgardsormr is being tanked in the center of the arena and facing north, all players should ensure that are standing within the far north, south, east or western edge of the arena.

[Description of Ambient Aether (H + Akh Morn + H) mechanic]

Tail End - smashes the main target with another vicious tank buster. As mentioned earlier, it is wise to tank-swap so that each tank can keep some mitigation cooldowns for future mechanics.

[Description of Ambient Aether (H + Earthshaker + ?) mechanic]

[Description of Ambient Aether (V + Tail End + Thunderstorm + ?) mechanic]

Time Immemorial - a long-cast ability that will apply a special debuff to each tank.

Death from Below (Yellow) - causes attacks from grounded enemies (including Midgardsormr) to apply Doom. As a result, tanks marked with the yellow debuff must focus only on tanking flying enemies.

Death from Above (Blue) - causes attacks from flying enemies (including Midgardsormr) to apply Doom. As a result, tanks marked with the blue debuff must focus only on tanking grounded enemies.

[Description of Tail End tank buster]

[Description of Ambient Aether (H + Northern Cross + ?) mechanic]

[Description of Ice-Storm mechanic]

[Description of Akh Rhal mechanic] 

[Description of Ambient Aether (H + Horrid Roar + ?) mechanic]

Add Phase
[Description of Ancient Dragon add phase mechanics]

Third Phase
[Description of mechanics after Midgardsormr returns grounded]

Crimson Breath - causes Midgardsormr to mark a random player as the target for a fatal cone-AoE that can only be survived by using the Ancient Bulwark. As a rule of thumb, the player carrying the Ancient Bulwark should position themselves away from the rest of the group, typically off to the side of Midgardsormr so that the upcoming blasts will not overlap other members of the raid. Once a player has been marked for Crimson Breath, that player should run to the lone individual carrying the Ancient Bulwark so that it passes on to the marked player, rendering them immune to the upcoming attack. Meanwhile, the person who previously had the Ancient Bulwark should retreat away from the marked player now that they no longer hold the Bulwark's immunity. If done correctly, Midgardsormr will shoot Crimson Breath at the immune target with all other members of the raid out of harm's way.

[Description of Crimson Orbs mechanic]

[Description of Hot Tail mechanic]

Cauterize + Horrid Roar + Exaflare - causes Midgardsormr to leave the arena and eventually re-appear somewhere along its outer edges to perform another set of dive-bombs, similar to earlier. Simultaneously, all members of the raid will begin to periodically drop AoE circles at their location due to Horrid Roar. To complicate matters further, several arrow-marked AoEs will spawn at one edge of the arena in a staggered fashion, eventually exploding across the arena in the direction of the arrow.

[Description of mechanics after Midgardsormr returns flying]

Tail End - Midgardsormr will immediately slap the main target with his vicious tank-buster.  

Akh Morn - the stack-marker mechanic from earlier, unleashing multiple blasts of damage at the marked target that must be shared by the group.

Horrid Roar + Thunderstorm - marks ALL players with thunderous AoE circles and also causes all members of the raid to drop AoE circles beneath their feet, forcing the entire raid to dodge dropped circles without overlapping their thunderous AoEs.

[Description of Ambient Aether (V + Thunderstorm + ?) mechanic]

Time Immemorial - causes Midgardsormr to re-apply the Death from Above/Below debuff. As always, tanks must be ready to react if their debuffs are swapped. Remember, Midgardsormr is flying at this point, thus the tank with Death from Above (Blue) must avoid tanking the boss.

[Description of Exaflare + Ice-Storm + Akh Morn mechanic]

[Description of Ambient Aether (V + Northern Cross + Thunderstorm + ?) mechanic]  

Horrid Roar - causes all members of the raid to drop AoE circles beneath their feet. Due to the thin-ice persisting at this point, all players will need to slide away from their own dropped circles (and try not to slide into other players circles in the process).

Akh Rhal + Tail End - causes energy to erupt from beneath two random damage-dealers (in the form of multi-hitting AoE circles), followed by a vicious tank-buster against the primary target.

[Description of Ambient Aether (H + Earthshaker + ?) mechanic]

Time Immemorial - causes Midgardsormr to re-apply the Death from Above/Below debuffs. Midgardsormr will remain in a flying state, so no action is necessary unless the tank-debuffs are swapped. In short, the Death from Above (Blue) tank must continue to avoid tanking the boss.

Before entering an enraged state, Midgardsormr will perform one more Exaflare + Ice-Storm + Akh Morn combo, followed by an additional Akh Morn enrage cast that hits substantially harder and continues until the raid wipes. Players should spread out to buy more time to DPS the boss while the Akh Morn kills off individual players.
</cleaned_strategy_text>