<strategy_text>
Objectives
Clear the Gier Hall: 0/1
Clear the Bloody Transept: 0/1
Defeat Anantaboga: 0/1

Psycheflayer
At first only the Lunatic Priest is present. He has a circular AoE spell named Void Fire II that players should avoid. At around half HP, he will summon the Psycheflayer. (Unlike the trash, this can't be stopped by killing him before he finishes Void Call.) Burst down the Lunatic Priest while the tank pulls the Psycheflayer to the far right side of the room, near the lantern.

Players should attempt to interrupt Void Fire III with stuns (or Interject/Head Graze) and avoid Void Fire II by moving out of the ground indicator. Healers should remove the Disease debuff with Esuna if possible.

Psycheflayer will spawn Stone Marionette and Marble Marionette throughout the fight. Be sure to kill them as soon as they spawn. Players should avoid Stone Marionette's frontal column AoE ability and interrupt Marble Marionette's Obliterate spell.

At around half HP, Psycheflayer will summon the Megalith Marionette. (This can be stopped by killing him, if you're playing unsynced.) The giant golem will slowly walk around the boss room and cast Plaincracker, the giant circular AoE ability, occasionally. When you are positioned at the right side of the room, near the lantern, you can easily avoid Plaincracker by hugging the right wall. Players should ignore Megalith Marionette and keep their focus on the Psycheflayer.

Abilities
Water is a spell that deals a small amount of damage to a player.
Void Thunder III is a spell that deals a large amount of damage to a player.
Canker is a spell that deals the debuff Disease on a random player.
Mind Melt is an instant ability that deals a moderate amount of damage to all players near Psycheflayer.

Adds
Lunatic Priest is the add that summons Psycheflayer. Players should dodge his circular AoE spell named Void Fire II. At around half HP, He summons the Psycheflayer.
Stone Marionette has a frontal column AoE ability named Rockslide. It deals heavy damage to all players hit.
Marble Marionette has a spell named Obliterate that deals a moderate amount of damage to all players nearby.
Megalith Marionette has a very large circular AoE attack that centers around itself. The attack, named Plaincracker, deals massive amount of damage to all players hit.

Demon Wall
Demon Wall will use his abilities in a pattern. He will first use Liquefy (Middle), followed by Liquefy (Sides). After two rotations of these abilities, Demon Wall will use Repel. Places should move to the edges of the platform when Demon Wall uses Liquefy (Middle), dark column in the center of the room. Players should move to the center when Demon Wall uses Liquefy (Sides), dark columns in the left and right sides of the room. When the Demon Wall uses Repel, players should be in the center of the boss room to avoid being thrown off the platform.

Liquefy (Middle) -> Liquefy (Sides) -> Liquefy (Middle) -> Liquefy (Sides) -> Repel

After Demon Wall uses 2nd Repel, a dark pool spawns in the back of the platform. Avoid the dark pool if possible. He will also summon 2 adds named Bloodlapper. Bloodlapper can paralyze players with AoE spells. Interrupt their casting of Thunderstorm and kill them as soon as possible.

Abilities
Murder Hole is an instant ability that deals a small amount of damage to a random player.
Repel is an ability that knocks all players back and deals a moderate amount of damage.
Liquefy (Middle) is an ability that spawns a long black column in the middle of the boss room. It will do a large amount of damage and inflict the debuff Heavy to all players hit.
Liquefy (Sides) is an ability that spawns two long black columns at the sides of the boss room. It will do a large amount of damage and inflict the debuff Slow to all players hit.

Adds
Bloodlapper has an ability named Thunderstorm. Thunderstorm is a circular AoE spell that inflicts the debuff Paralysis to all targets caught within. The spell should be interrupted with a stun because it is difficult to avoid the ground indicator.

Anantaboga
Anantaboga is the final boss of Amdapor Keep. Non-tank players should be Flanking the boss to avoid its Rotten Breath (front conal AOE) and Tail Drive (rear conal AOE). Rotten Breath will apply the debuff Disease to all targets hit. Healers should remove disease with Esuna if possible.

Throughout the fight Anantaboga will use Imminent Catastrophe to spawn purplish, red orbs in the center of the boss room. The orbs will do damage to all players in its line of sight. Be sure to hide behind the statues around the room to avoid the damage. Additionally, the ability will awake one of the statues. Avoid the statue's circular AoE attack and burst it down.

Later in the fight Anantaboga will use Plague Dance on random players. Players with the debuff should move away from statues and other players so the red orbs will not damage any other players. The red orbs disappear when Anantaboga uses Imminent Catastrophe.

Abilities
The Look is an instant attack that deals a small amount of damage to the target with the most enmity.
Tail Drive is a rear cone AoE attack that deals high amount of damage and inflicts a DoT named Concussion to all players hit. Anantaboga will only use this ability when one or more players are behind it.
Rotten Breath is a frontal AoE attack which deals heavy damage and inflicts the debuff Disease to all players hit.
Imminent Catastrophe is a giant purplish, red orb that appears in the middle of the room. It deals heavy damage to all players in the line of sight.
Plague Dance is a purple beam that targets a random player. after a few seconds, a small red orb appears at the location and deals damage to all players nearby.

Adds
Dark Heloth has an ability named Terror Eye that places a circular AoE under a random player. It deals heavy damage to all players caught within.
</strategy_text>