<cleaned_strategy_text>
Phases & Abilities
Theos: Athena
Players should assign light parties, spread spots where tanks/melees are north and ranged/healers are south, and pairs of players consisting of tanks with melees and healers with ranged DPS.
Note that it is possible for players to fall off the arena to their death, although they can be resurrected after a moderate delay. The arena is a 2x4 arrangement of rectangular tiles, which is important for some mechanics.
Failing most mechanics will result in a Damage Down debuff, as well as other various effects.

Strategy
Paradeigma 1
On the Soul: Heavy raidwide damage, requiring mitigation.
Paradeigma: Summons four yellow crystals, each spawning an untargetable Anthropos add. These adds will all move to either the north or south half of the arena (two on the left and two right). Two at a time, these adds will target the two nearest players to them with a two line AoEs (White Flame) that inflict high damage and Magic Vulnerability Up.
Trinity of Souls: Three of the boss's wings will begin glowing sequentially, telegraphing a half-room cleave based on which wing glows. Compared to Normal mode, if one of the bottom wings is the first to glow, the boss will rotate 180 degrees between each cleave, requiring the party to dodge into what would have been the unsafe half of the room for the second wing cleave. Note that the first usage of this ability will always be bottom-to-top.
The party must bait the line AoEs to prevent overlap while dodging the half-room cleaves. A common strategy is have both tanks stack on the half of the room the adds are in and use their invulnerability cooldowns. Each set of four lasers should bait on the tanks and away from the party, greatly simplifying the mechanic.
Note that the main tank will be inflicted with a Magic Vulnerability Up from the line AoEs that persists for one boss auto-attack, which deals magical damage. They must use heavy personal mitigation and receive targeted mitigation from the off-tank and healers to survive this auto-attack, as their invulnerability cooldown will have expired.

Paradeigma 2
Paradeigma: Summons four blue crystals and two red crystals, each spawning an untargetable Anthropos add. The adds from the blue crystals will position near the cardinals off the wall.
Engravement of Souls: Assigns various debuffs to players...
[Detailed strategy for Engravement of Souls mechanic]

Paradeigma 3
Paradeigma: Spawns Anthropos adds from four blue crystals and two yellow crystals. The blue crystal adds will go east and west (two per wall).
Engravement of Souls: Assigns various debuffs to the tanks and healers...
[Detailed strategy for Engravement of Souls and Unnatural Enchainment mechanics]

Glaukopis
Glaukopis: A telegraphed, heavy-hitting line AoE tankbuster that hits twice and inflicts Magic Vulnerability Up, requiring a tank swap during the cast. The main tank needs to Provoke back after the second hit to prevent the off-tank from dying to the boss's subsequent auto-attacks.

Superchain Theory I & II
[Detailed strategies for Superchain Theory I and II mechanics]

Peridialogos / Apodialogos: One of these attacks will be used. Both is a combination shared tankbuster and party stack. This requires mitigation...
[Details on Peridialogos and Apodialogos]

Pallas Athena
The party will receive a checkpoint upon defeating Athena's first form and pulling Pallas Athena, so they will restart from here if they wipe. The southern row of tiles of the arena has been removed, so the arena is now a 2x3 arrangement of tiles.
In addition to the same light parties and partners from Phase 1, players should also assign a horizontal "conga line" of players and a "q"-formation spread spots for later mechanics.

Strategy
Ultima: Heavy raidwide damage that requires mitigation.
Palladian Grasp: The main tank will receive a diffuse AoE tankbuster marker, indicating they will be hit with a heavy-hitting tankbuster that cleaves the entire half the room they are standing on and inflicts Physical Vulnerability Up. This attack hits twice, requiring a tank swap, or preferably taking both with an invulnerability cooldown to minimize movement. The rest of the party needs to be on the other half of the room from the targeted tank.

Gaiaochos 1 ("UAV 1")
[Detailed strategy for Gaiaochos, Summon Darkness, Demi Parhelion, and Geocentrism mechanics]

The Classical Concepts 1
[Detailed strategy for The Classical Concepts mechanic]

Palladian Ray: The boss will plunge a tentacle to the west and east part of the arena. Each one will target the four closest players with it with a persistent conal AoE (Palladian Ray) that inflicts Magic Vulnerability Up. If players are hit with more than one initial AoE, or linger in their original AoE, they will die...
[Strategy for Palladian Ray mechanic]

Caloric Theory 1
[Detailed strategy for Crush Helm, Caloric Theory, and Ekpyrosis mechanics]

Pangenesis
[Detailed strategy for Pangenesis mechanic]

The Classical Concepts 2
[Detailed strategy for The Classical Concepts 2 mechanic]

Caloric Theory 2
[Detailed strategy for Caloric Theory 2 mechanic]

Gaiaochos 2 ("UAV 2")
[Detailed strategy for Gaiaochos 2, Summon Darkness, Demi Parhelion, Geocentrism, and Summon Darkness mechanics]

Ignorabimus (enrage): The boss must be defeated before this slow cast finishes, or it will destroy the platform and wipe the party.
</cleaned_strategy_text>