<cleaned_strategy_text>
Note: Green acid should not be run through, as inflicts stacking poison damage over time. Can fall off edges

Silkspit: web aoes that will try to tether to other players and posts on either side. Players should spread apart so no tethers are visible. If tethered when aeos goes off, players will get Binding Soul Snare debuff, which binds in place and kills at 5 stacks. Unbound players should run through webs to break. Later casts will have more tethers.

Pandæmonic Pillars: 6 towers appear, needs one player in each to soak. Will then either do a point-blank AoE underneath (cage) or donut (spinning lasers), inflicts removeable Doom if inside resulting aoe. Corner(s) with no towers originally should always be safe

Ultima: raidwide with bleed

Pandæmonic Meltdown: line stack

Soul Grasp: multihit tankbuster stack

Entangling Web: web aoes on ground. Will later connect to posts on either side and form bridges - these can be used to dodge upcoming mechanics and later Silkspits

Pandæmonic Ray: boss will look to one side of arena, cleaving half of east or west in direction facing. Anyone hit will be inflicted with Hysteria and run uncontrollably, likely off the arena, although they can be saved with Rescue.

Parted Plumes: conal aoes that move in circle around center. Stand on last marker that appears, then move into safespot (first marker) once it goes off. Inflicts removeable Paralysis if hit

Touchdown: large growing red and black aoe, will cover entire center platform, instantly killing anyone hit and knocking them off the arena. Move to side using web bridge.

Harrowing Hell: multihit raidwide damage (large damage), followed by knockback from boss - stand very close to boss

Wicked Step: dual tankbuster towers, should be soaked by one tank each

If one tank is KO'd or disconnected, it is possible for the other tank to soak both towers, because the left tower always resolves first. Use Sprint and move to the right tower when the left disappears.
</cleaned_strategy_text>