<cleaned_strategy_text>
Phases & Abilities
Mythic Creation: The Hippokampos
Players should be aware that the arena is surrounded by a barrier that will instantly kill anyone who touches it. It is recommended that players assign "light parties" consisting of a tank, healer and two DPS for a stack mechanic later.

Phase 1
Murky Depths: Unavoidable roomwide AoE. Simply heal through.
Doubled Impact: A shared tankbuster. Both tanks must take this hit and must use mitigation to survive.
Sewage Deluge: Heavy hitting unavoidable roomwide AoE. Mitigate and heal through. This attack will also change the arena, flooding it and making the platforms and grates the only safe areas to stand. One of the platforms will also spew water from the grate in the center, making it unsafe to touch. Entering the water here will inflict the Dropsy debuff, dealing heavy water damage and most likely resulting in death.
Spoken Cataract/Winged Cataract: The boss's head will separate from its body and face in a direction. The body performs a large line AoE which will be indicated by the direction the large orange arrow is pointing that can be avoided by standing on the grates either on the platforms or between the platforms. The head will fire a half-room AoE either from the front or back of its head (Spoken Cataract will fire from the front of the head, while Winged Cataract will fire from the back of the head).
Coherence: The boss will tether to a player, which must be picked up by a tank and moved away from the group, usually to the opposite end of the arena. The other players will line up on the platform at the rear of the boss. Once the cast finishes the tank with the tether will take damage, while the other tank is targeted by another attack, so the rest of the party will be hit with a split-damage line AoE that needs to be shared. The tank with the tether should use a defensive cooldown here as they will take heavy damage. This will be followed by another Murky Depths, so healers should be ready for this.
Ominous Bubbling: Both healers are marked with a stack marker. This attack does not fire right away, however when it does players need to be in their light parties. Debuffs with Water Resistance Down II.
Shockwave: The boss will face one of the three "safe" platforms and leap to it. This attack must be absorbed by one of the light party stack groups. This attack also deals a heavy knockback so players must either use their knockback mitigation or stand close to the platform on the grates between platforms so they are knocked back evenly and not into the water, while also maintaining stacks for Ominous Bubbling, which will fire immediately after this. The boss will then return to the center of the room.
Predatory Avarice: Three players will be marked with one of two debuffs:
Mark of the Depths: A large water AoE will drop and must be shared by the party to avoid death.
Mark of the Tides: A point-blank AoE will fire from the player, dealing a heavy knockback that will send players into the wall of the arena if hit.
Players will receive their debuffs, then the boss will use the opposite Cataract ability to the one it used before, then the debuffs will resolve. Players must position themselves immediately after Cataract resolves. It is recommended that players with the Tides debuff move to the grates next to one of the platforms away from the platform where the Depths player is standing to provide sufficient room to avoid the attack. Following this the arena will drain of all water and return to normal.

Phase 2
Channeling Overflow: Each player will be marked with a front/rear/left/right Mark of the Tides and have a large purple arrow indicating which direction the player will be moved in when the debuff resolves. Players must align themselves to move away from the wall of the arena by the time the debuff resolves, while also making sure to crash into the player directly opposite them, otherwise they will be sent careening into the wall opposite them and die. It is recommended to use the platform edges to do this, as they provide enough room to be moved without hitting a player that would be moving towards them, while also preparing them to handle this mechanic later in the fight when the arena is flooded again. Once the debuff resolves, players will be Stunned in place as well as receiving a short Water Resistance Down II debuff and moved according to their debuff. After this players will be able to move freely again. The boss will follow this up with another Doubled Impact, so tanks should be healed and ready to mitigate.
The boss will use another Murky Depths, then will return to the center of the arena and use another Sewage Deluge and flood the arena again, as well as one of the platforms. This will be followed by another Shockwave, so players should be ready with their knockback mitigation. Each player will then be tethered to the boss and receive either red or blue orbs numbering 1-4 over their head.
Kampeos Harma: Players with blue markers will have the boss's body jumping to them, while players with red markers will have the head dropping on them, dealing a point-blank AoE. Players will be attacked in order according to how many orbs they have over their heads. To handle this mechanic, players with red markers should each position themselves on the grates in the center between two platforms (there are lines on the grates that indicate the center), while players with blue markers should move to opposite platforms to each other in groups (1-3 and 2-4). Players with 1 and 2 will stand at the front corner of the platform facing inwards to the center of the arena, while players with 3 and 4 will stand at the rear of the platform. After the boss leaps away from the platform, the players will switch positions, ensuring there is no overlapping damage. The boss's head will simply move to each player in order, debuffing any player hit with a Physical Vulnerability Up debuff, which will ensure death if a player is hit more than once. To make organizing positioning easier, it is recommended to use the unsafe platform as a basis for ordering where players will stand.
Once the attack resolves, the boss will use another Doubled Impact, followed by Murky Depths, so healers should be ready. This will be followed up by another Channeling OverFlow, however it works slightly different this time:
Players will receive their directional debuff, but the length of time will vary between "long" and "short" debuff times. Players with the "short" time will have about 12 seconds to position themselves appropriately, while players with the "long" debuff will be marked with point-blank AoEs called Tainted Flood. This attack deals damage and debuffs with Water Resistance Down II to anyone hit by it, meaning this and Channeling Flow will result in death. To handle this, players with the "short" debuff should position themselves on the edge of their platforms as normal, while the AoE players position themselves either on the grates between the platforms or on the inner corners of the platforms. Once this set resolves, the roles are reversed, and the players whose Tides debuff has resolved will swap places with the Flood players. this will be followed up with Spoken/Winged Cataract, so move accordingly. The water will recede once again, and the arena will return to normal.

Phase 3
The boss will use Predatory Avarice, so players need to be ready to move according to their debuffs.
Dissociation: The boss's head will separate from the body and fire a line AOE through one half of the arena. Move to the opposite side of the arena to avoid.
The boss will use the opposite Cataract to what it just cast, then the Predatory Avarice debuffs will resolve, so be prepared to move away from the party if marked with Mark of the Tides.
The boss will cast another Dissociation, while also casting Sewage Eruption, spawning three sets of AoEs under all players once the cast resolves. It is recommended to stand on the side of the arena with the boss's head, then move to the safe side as a group to bait the AoEs. Following this, the boss will use Tainted Flood on all players, so be ready to spread out immediately after. This will be followed by another Coherence, so a tank should grab the tether and move to the opposite side from the rest of the group. The boss will then immediately use Doubled Impact, so it is recommended to use a tank invulnerability skill to take the hit solo. This is followed by a Murky Depths and a Sewage Deluge, so be ready with healing and mitigation.
The boss will use Channeling Flow once again with the short and long debuff times, however the boss will also use Coherence, so a tank must grab the tether and players will need to be ready to stack behind the boss immediately after their debuff resolves, then the remaining debuffed players must position themselves properly for their resolution. This will be immediately followed by another Dissociation and Sewage Eruption, so handle this the same way as before.
The boss will use another Ominous Bubbling and Shockwave followed by a Doubled Impact, then will use two more Murky Waters, then finally will slow cast Sewage Deluge as an enrage. The boss must be defeated before this cast finishes, or the party will wipe.
</cleaned_strategy_text>