<cleaned_strategy_text>
Phases & Abilities
Mythic Creation: The Phoinix
The edge of the arena is covered in a ring of fire that will kill any player who touches it. It is recommended that tanks and healers pair up with a DPS player for mechanics later on. Players should also form "light parties" consisting of tanks and melee players in one, and healers and ranged in another.

Phase 1
Scorched Exaltation: Unavoidable roomwide AoE. Mitigate and heal through.
Heat of Condemnation: Tankbuster. Two random players will be tethered to the boss. Both tanks must take a tether and spread away from the group as the attack hits in a wide AoE. Be sure to use mitigation. Debuffs with a brief Fire Resistance Down II.
Experimental Fireplume: This attack has two variations:
Small Orbs: Several explosions will move clockwise around the arena with a large explosion in the center of the arena. Move to the outer ring of the arena after the first explosion to avoid.
Large Orb: Players need to bait this massive AoE in the center of the arena, then move out to the edges to avoid.
Left/Right Cinderwing: Cleaves the entire arena to the left or right of the boss from the center of its hitbox out. Move to the opposite side of the boss to avoid.
Darkened Fire: Players should get with their DPS partners and stand at the intercardinals around the center of the arena (marked by four squares). All four DPS or all tanks and healers will have a Darkened Fire dropped on their location. These ads are invincible when they spawn, and will begin casting Darkened Blaze, which deals massive damage to the party and will most likely cause a wipe. At the same time, the boss will begin casting Brightened Fire, marking players 1-8 with point-blank AoEs. Players must position themselves in order next to the ads in order to debuff the ads and make them vulnerable to attack. Once all the AoEs have gone off, quickly defeat the Darkened Fires before their cast finishes. The boss will follow this up with Heat of Condemnation, so tanks need to be ready to grab tethers. Another Scorched Exaltation will follow this.
Devouring Brand: Drops line AoEs at the four cardinal points of the edge of the arena. These will slowly burn across the arena to converge in the middle. Touching these will inflict a Burning debuff, dealing heavy Damage over Time. Once the AoEs meet in the center, they will expand, so players need to stand away from them. This attack will also be mixed with Experimental Fireplume, so move accordingly.
Searing Breeze: All players have a point blank AoE dropped underneath them. Players should stack up to bait these, then move out to avoid. The boss will follow this up with another Left/Right Cinderwing and a Heat of Condemnation, so move accordingly and grab the tethers to take away once again. The boss will follow up with another Experimental Fireplume, then leave the arena.
Trail of Condemnation: This attack has two variations:
The boss will spew fire from its center beak: The boss breathes fire through the center of the arena and each player is marked with a point blank AoE. Avoid the center of the arena and spread out to avoid overlapping.
The boss will spew fire from the left and right beaks: The boss will drop a large fire line AoE on the outer two thirds of the arena, leaving only the center safe. Players will also be marked for AoE's, either all the tanks and healers or all the DPS. Players should split up with their partners and spread out in a line to avoid overlapping AoEs and also avoiding the fire lines on the arena. This attack debuffs with a brief Fire Resistance Down II, so getting hit by more than one guarantees death.

Phase 2
The boss will spawn four Sunbird ads on the arena. Each tank should grab two and pull them to opposite edges of the arena. Focus on killing the ads one by one, then moving clockwise around the arena to kill the next ad. These ads must be spread out as when they revive they deal an AoE attack that will buff any Sunbird hit with Damage Up, most likely resulting in a wipe later on.
Flames of Undeath: Roomwide AoE that hits all players and the defeated ads, reviving them. Mitigate the attack.
Fireglide Sweep: The ads will each tether to a player, and the player will in turn tether to a player who is not tethered to an ad. Once the cast finishes, the ads will leap to the player they are tethered to, then to the player tethered to them. To mitigate this mechanic, players who are tethered to an ad should move to the opposite end of the arena, while a player tethered to another player should move opposite them. This will weaken the tethers and minimize damage. Players should be sure to be fairly spread out when the attack fires, as it deals damage in an AoE and debuffs with Blunt Resistance Down, making getting hit twice guaranteed death. Once the attack finishes the ads can be defeated in the same manner as before. Heal up once the ads are dead, as the boss casts another Flames of Undeath.
Dead Rebirth: Roomwide AoE. Mitigate and heal through.
The ads will now join the boss and deal auto-attacks to the player who is second in the enmity list, so the off tank should make sure to increase enmity if they aren't second in the list. This will be followed by Heat of Condemnation.
Fledgling Flight: All tanks and healers or all DPS will be targeted by the ads, and must turn the ads to face the outside of the arena. Be sure not to have the ads too close together, as they will tether and explode, wiping the raid.
Ashen Eye: Each ad fires a conal AoE in the direction they are facing.
Experimental Gloryplume: This attack starts similarly to Experimental Fireplume with either several fire orbs or one large one, but then also shows either several dark orbs or one large one. For the large dark orb, players should split into their "light parties" and move to the opposite edge of the arena, as a random tank and healer will be targeted. For small dark orbs, players need to spread out to avoid overlapping point blank AoEs.
Fountain of Fire: Eight puddles will spawn 2 at a time in a clockwise order starting on the North & South or West & East edges of the arena and tether to the boss. If a player stands within the puddle, the tether will instead connect to them. Eventually, the puddle will explode, dealing high % damage to whoever is inside it, and buffing the tethered player with Trickle of Fire granting Healing Potency Up increasing healing by 400%. If a puddle is not soaked the boss instead receives a Damage Up buff. In the meantime, the boss will also cast Sun's Pinion, dropping two AoE markers on the two closest players to the boss. These will eventually deal damage in a point blank AoE around the player then summon an ad that will tether to the player who had the markers and dash to them requiring the player to stretch the tether until it turns purple. The player who is tethered to the firebird will be hit and take high damage and receive a Fire Resistance Down II debuff, additionally any other player hit by the dash (line aoe) will also receive the Fire Resistance Down II debuff; any player with Fire Resistance Down II cannot soak any of the Fountains. The boss will cast Sun's Pinion three times. To handle this mechanic, it is recommended that the healers handle the puddles around the arena, as they can mitigate the damage, then use their buffed healing to recover quickly, while the remaining players take turns baiting the AoEs and tethers. The norm is to have the melee DPS players take the first AoEs, then the ranged DPS, then finally the tanks. Following this mechanic, the boss will cast Scorched Exaltation twice in a row, so mitigation and healing will be critical here given how much damage is coming out at one time. This will be followed up by another Heat of Condemnation.

Phase 3
Firestorms of Asphodelos: Heavy hitting roomwide AoE. This also summons three Darkblaze Twister ads around the arena.
Flames of Asphodelos: The boss drops multiple conal AoEs from its hitbox in sequence. Simply stand in the second set of AoEs, then move to the safe space created when the first set goes off.
Experimental Ashplume: This attack is the exact same as the dark orb mechanic from Experimental Gloryplume, Stack in groups for the large orb, spread out for the small orbs. This is followed by another Flames of Asphodelos.
Storms of Asphodelos: The three tornadoes will fire a conal AoE in the direction of the closest player, the boss will tether to two players and deal massive damage, while also firing cleaves at the last three players. To handle this mechanic, the two healers and a ranged player should stand next to the tornadoes between them and the wall to bait their attack away from the arena. The tanks should both take the tethers and stand directly in front of two of the tornadoes, while the remaining three DPS should stand at the edge of the boss's hitbox between the tornadoes to bait the boss's cleaves in that direction. Players need to be extremely careful not to overlap AoEs, as each hit results in a Fire Resistance Down II debuff, meaning any extra damage will result in death.
Darkblaze Twister. The boss will tether to each of the ads, with one of the tethers being black. The boss will then cast Searing Breeze, so players should bait the AoEs clockwise around the arena, ending back in front of the black tethered ad. Then the boss will cast Experimental Ashplume, so players should look out for how to react. The ad with the black tether will then knock players away, and the other ads will cast a large donut AoE, with the safe zone in their hitboxes. Players should have the black tether ad knock them back towards the other ads, then stack or spread for Ashplume.
Death's Toll: The boss will debuff every player with either one, two or four stacks of Death's Toll. The number of stacks a player has indicates how many times they need to get hit by an attack before the debuff resolves. The boss will also drop the ads on players once again, but this time they should be pointed inwards towards the center of the arena. With them positioned correctly, players can take the requisite number of hits to satisfy their debuff.
Life's Agonies: Once the attacks have resolved, players should group up in the center of the arena for AoE healing, since when this attack finishes casting, if any player is not full HP, they will die.
From here, the boss will cast Experimental Gloryplume, Trail of Condemnation, Devouring Brand with Experimental Fireplume, Searing Breeze, Left/Right Cinderwing, then Scorched Exaltation twice. Finally, the boss will cast Final Exaltation as an enrage, and must be defeated before the cast finishes, or the party will wipe.
</cleaned_strategy_text>