<cleaned_strategy_text>
Hemitheos: Hesperos
A very straightforward fight with numerous simple to handle attacks that can one-shot players if not handled properly.

Elegant Evisceration - Tankbuster
Setting the Stage - Hesperos drops a curtain on one, three, or four quarters of the field. After a short time the curtain glows red, then disappears, revealing one of four elemental quadrants he uses for his next attack. Setting the Stage itself deals no damage.
Pinax - One of the four elemental wells flares with power. Then an attack lands depending on what well discharged. Touching one of the wells will also inflict a status effect: Electrocution for lightning, Dropsy for water, Pollen for poison, and Burns for lava.
If the lightning quadrant activates, he is preparing Levinstrike Mekhane. This is a proximity-based attack focused on the center of the arena. Move to a corner to take as little damage as possible. This version of the attack is always the first one seen.
If the water quadrant activates, he is preparing Well Mekhane. This is a knockback focused on the center of the arena. This is always the second version of the attack to appear.
If the poison quadrant activates, he is preparing Acid Mekhane, which will place spread markers on everyone. Players cannot survive more than one of these attacks, so spreading out is crucial. This is always the third version of the attack to appear.
If the lava quadrant activates, he is preparing Lava Mekhane, which will place a stack marker on a random raid member. This version of the attack will not appear until all others have been seen.
Decollation - Heavy raidwide damage.
Hell Skewer - Straight line AoE in front of Hesperos.
<Direction> Shift - Hesperos puts a marker on the edge of the arena, in the direction indicated. If there is a sword over the marker, he'll do an extremely wide cone attack that hits the entire field. This attack deals extreme damage and is a one shot kill on anyone who already has a vulnerability stack. If there is a cloak over the marker, he'll do a knockback from the marker that hits the entire field. This attack pushes anyone who isn't directly in front of the marker into the spikes, killing them.
Bloodrake - Hesperos drains the aether from everyone, doing moderate raidwide damage. Then he does one of two attacks.
Belone Coils - Four meteor circles appear in the center of the arena, each marked with a crossed-out role icon. At least one player must take each meteor, but players who take a meteor matching their role icon will be killed. Each meteor not successfully caught will inflict one vuln stack.
Belone Bursts - Green orbs appear around the outskirts of the arena, and each one will tether to a player. Like the meteor circles, these orbs will be marked with anti-role icons. Players must pop orbs of other roles, but each one touched will inflict one stack of Thrice-come Ruin, which will wear off shortly after the mechanic resolves.
As the fight progresses, Hesperos will start combining Setting the Stage with Bloodrake, meaning players will have to perform Pinax and Belone mechanics simultaneously.
</cleaned_strategy_text>