<strategy_text>
Objectives
Clear the storage compound: 0/1
Dismantle the magna roader: 0/1
Clear the testing compound: 0/1
Defeat Subject Number XXIV: 0/1
Clear the central compound: 0/1
Defeat Inferno: 0/1

Bosses
Magna Roader
Wheel: Tankbuster.
Magitek Fire II: Targeted Circle AoE
Magitek Fire III: Group-wide AoE damage
Wild Speed: Rushes around the room in line patterns. During this attack, two 12th Legion Optio adds will spawn and activate the cannons on the sides of the arena, bombarding random players with avoidable AoEs. Defeat the adds to commandeer their cannons and use its ability on Magna Roader to disrupt this attack. This attack will continue indefinitely until Magna Roader is hit with a cannon shot. Be warned that the Magna Roader cannot be harmed while it is speeding across the arena - wait for it to pause before firing.

Subject Number XXIV
Elemental Overload: Partywide damage that is either fire, ice, or thunder-aspected, determining its next attacks.
Fire
Discrete Magick: Three telegraphed 120 degree conal AoEs
Discrete Magick: Stack marker on random player (Fire II)
Serial Magicks: Two sets of three conal AoEs, along with a stack marker on a random player
Ice
Discrete Magick: Crisscrossing line AoEs
Discrete Magick: Telegraphed circular AoE (Blizzard II) on each player
Serial Magicks: Two sets of crisscrossing line AoEs, immediately followed by circular AoEs on each player
Thunder
Discrete Magick: Two towers will spawn opposite each other and should be soaked by one player each (Thunder II). Failing to soak will cause these to explode for high partywide damage (Electrify).
Discrete Magick: Telegraphed line AoE on each player (Sparking Current)
Serial Magicks: Two sets of two opposite towers will spawn, along with telegraphed line AoEs on each player
Note that after each set of elemental attacks, the boss will become staggered and receive a Vulnerability Up debuff.

Inferno
Ketu Slash: Tankbuster.
Rahu Blaster: Targeted Column AoE.
Ketu & Rahu: Ground targeted AoE and Player targeted AoE.
Roids: Periodically, Inferno will move to the back of the arena and get showered by the Magitek device there to empower his arms.
Empowered Ketu: Adds a Bleed debuff to the Tank. The second empower adds Vulnerability Up.
Empowered Rahu: Adds a multi-column room-wide AoE and a Proximity AoE. Second empower adds two player targeted AoEs.
Legion Adds: Two 12th Legion Death Claws and one 12th Legion Packer will spawn. The two Death Claws will tether to random players and will incapacitate them should they reach their tethered player. The Packer will slowly move towards the back of the arena and attempt to use Quick Charge on the device. If the Packer is able to complete Quick Charge, Inferno will immediately upgrade his arms further.
</strategy_text>