<strategy_text>
Phase 1
(boss does auto attack cleaves all the time. Should always be facing away from party members)
East Platform falls + Red Circle AoE's: Bait melee fire circles together at right side of South platform and then move away.
North Platform falls
West Platform falls + Red Circle AoE's: Bait again.

Phase 2
Soar (skipped at 75%): see below
Ice pad Spawns under the boss. You can't move through the boss.
Biting Halberd: needs to be directly behind the boss (Edit: Biting Halberd is used right after THIRD Cleave attacks. Like, Ice pad spawns -> cleave x3 -> Biting Halberd)
Southern Cross: Stack at the butt to bait and then move out.
Biting Halberd/Ciclicle/Tail End: Randomly selected (skipped at 59%)

Phase 3 (Adds)
ADDS:
Execrated Will = Should be tanked by a tank. Does high damage, which will always crit, on its target and gain Damage Up buff every 10 sec.
Execrated Thew = Small add. Should also be tanked by a tank. Nothing special.
Execrated Wile = doesn't need to be tanked. Should face away from it when Meracydian Fear is cast.
Execrated Wit = Doesn't need to be tanked. Should kill it before Meracydian Meteor casting is done.

Will x1 (North) + Thew (North): just AoE down
Will x2 (West) + Wile x1 (South) + Wit x1 (East): Each tank grab 1 Will at West. All DPS classes kill Wile first. Should face away from South to avoid Fear. Bring two Wills to South and AoE them down once Wit is dead.
Will x1 (South) + Thew x3 (East) + Wit (West) + Wile (North): One tank grabs Will and the other tank grabs 3 Thews while DPS classes burn Wit. Should face away from North to avoid as well. Bring all the adds to North and AoE them down once Wit is dead.

Phase 4 Part 1
Tethers appear: 2 pairs of Infinite Fire and 2 pairs of Infinite Ice come out. Tethered pair should be close enough to each other to avoid DoT damage (about 10k dmg each tick). (similar to T11 tethers)

Wave Cannon: Randomly selects a non-MT player and does damage with Bleeding debuff. Everyone else should be away from its target, but make sure target's partner is in safe distance of tether.

Tyrfing: Attacks Main Tank 5 times with spear and does fire damage at the end. High damage and cooldowns are needed as necessary.

Southern Cross: Stack under the boss and move out. Make sure tethered partner is going to the same direction or it's going to kill both players. Call out where you're going to!

Broken Seal: Spawns 4 fire meteors and 4 ice meteors. 4 players with Infinite Ice go into 4 Ice meteor circles while 4 Infinite Fire goes into 4 Fire meteor circles. (Match your color) Since players are tethered, tethered pair should always be close to each other. Call out! There are three patterns that randomly spawn: please check here.

Biting Halberd/Ciclicle/Tail End:
IF blue/red circles at EDGE: Ciclicle (IN)
IF blue/red circles at CENTER: Tail End (OUT)
IF DIAMOND shapes x2: Biting Halberd (Butt)

<basically repeating again from here>
New tethers appear: find a new partner and hug each other.
Wave Cannon: targets a random non-MT player. Away from its target.
Tyrfing (hits 6 times and fire damage)
Southern Cross
Broken Seal
<repeating ends here>

Biting Halberd/Ciclicle/Tail End:

Phase 4 Part 2
Soar: see below
The Demon's Claw: Does High damage and Stuns MT while putting Magic Vulnerability Up. OT Provokes the boss off MT. MT will also get knocked back. Make sure position yourself at the center so MT doesn't get knocked back into the fiery wall.

Wave Cannon: targets MT (not sure if it targets OT if they Provoke during Demon's claw or MT still gets targeted by it) and shows huge AoE box that arrows indicate into the AoE. Seems like people stack in the box to soak the damage together. However, my group just killed MT and had OT Provoke ing the boss after.

<basically repeating again from here>
New tethers appear: find a new partner
Wave Cannon: targets a random non-MT player. Away from its target.
Tyrfing (hits 7 times and fire damage)
Southern Cross
Broken Seal
<repeating ends here>

Biting Halberd
The Demon's Claw
Wave Cannon
New tethers appear
Wave Cannon... Probably repeating... You wanna kill the boss now.
Flame Halberd: Hard enrage cast

Southern Cross
Stack at the butt.
MT moves to the RIGHT (counter-clockwise), or just walk across the boss to be less risky with tether.
Party moves to the LEFT (clockwise)
If you're tethered with MT, move RIGHT (180 degree, so you don't get hit by tank cleaves)

Wave Cannon
Go to LEFT/RIGHT FLANK of the boss (assign one)
Rest of party can have RIGHT/LEFT Flank (opposite flank of wave cannon) and Rear.

Broken Seal
1 Red + 1 Blue on each Flank of the boss. Position yourself once Ice puddles disappear.
Never stay close to the other pair of same colored tethers.
If there's no matching circles on your side, go to opposite side of the other same-color tethered pair.

Soar
Strat 1:
MT North, OT South, 2 DPS East, 2 DPS West, Healers stack with any tank/DPS
Look out which pattern of soar (you have bunch of time to look out. memorize where soar AoEs are at)
IF Evenly spread, there are 6 safe spots. go to the closest flank of a mirage
IF 2 Mirages together, there are 2 large safe spots. position yourself not to clip each other with red AoE.

Strat 2:
Just Tank LB this shit before mechanic or Healer LB3 after mechanic.
You may get clipped by NO MORE THAN TWO AoE's. Just AVOID the Divebombs
</strategy_text>
