<cleaned_strategy_text>
Halicarnassus
Ribbit: Frontal Cone AOE attack that turns you into frogs. Casts this almost first thing into the fight. Watch for when she turns and get behind her. She will aim this anywhere.
Blizzard Blade: Circular AOE that freezes you, get out. Medium range.
Thunder Blade: Line AOE, easy to avoid.
Fire Blade: Donut shaped AOE like Sophia's Thunder III. Center (in her hitbox) and the outside is safe. Large radius.
Holy Blade: Marks up people with spread markers or stack markers or both. Spread/stack appropriately.
The Game: Turns the floor into either Role Icons (Blue shield, Green Cross, Red Sword) or Frog Icons. If they're role icons, stand on the one appropriate for the class you're playing. If they're frogs, she's going to use ribbit soon. Get hit by it then stand on the panels. She often pairs ribbit with this for the role icons, so be careful. If you're a Samurai for example and you get hit by ribbit, you'll still get punished even if you're standing on the DPS panel.
Dark Piece: Halicarnassus places untargetable adds on the arena that make AOEs, first time it happens the center is safe. She pairs this with thin cone attacks targeting each raid member. Avoid them, they knockback and apply Vulnerability Up.
Dark piece can also place them on the outside of the arena, when this happens pop sprint because there will be one safe square to get to when they initiate their attack.
When the board changes to blue/black, The Queens Game will hit everyone not in a blue space with damage and Vulnerability Up. Stay on the blue tiles.
Place Piece summons a dragon. It has a frontal cast-less cleave buster that applies Vulnerability Up. Off tank picks it up and drags it so he is standing on a blue space, the dragon is facing away, and the DPS can stand in a blue space too. Dies quickly.
Forced March, Left Face, Right Face: Force march makes you walk forwards, wherever you're facing. Left face makes you strafe left, and vice versa for right face. She pairs these with movement based mechanics so angle/position appropriately. First time you see it is after the dragon add. If it's forced march, aim yourself along the diagonal blue squares so you end on one. Left face, turn to be 90 degrees (perpendicular) along the blue line.
Later she'll use these with a holy blade stack. Everyone should stack behind the boss facing her exactly. The holy stack blows up soon after (similar to Thordan's knockback + stack). As soon as it detonates she hurls a lightning blade towards party, so scatter left and right.
Aetherial Tear: Transports you to team rocket's hideout. Sand tiles will shunt you in the direction they flow. Walk out into the sand and attempt to make it to the tear across the arena.
</cleaned_strategy_text>