<cleaned_strategy_text>
Catastrophe
The boss has lots of abilities so you need to keep an eye on its cast bar to know what to do for each ability. Most of the abilities he uses will revolve around the duty action "Anti Gravity Gimbal" - when used this will cause you to levitate above the arena. It is best to start the fight levitating to avoid the tremors and earthquake which are always used first.

Earthquake– Arena wide AOE attack that hits the entire party for a large amount of damage. Avoid this by levitating.
Paranormal Wave- Frontal conal cleave - keep the boss facing away from the raid.
Evilsphere- Moderate damage tank buster attack.
Demon Eye– Turn away before the boss finishes its cast of this. If you're facing it when it finishes you will gain aVulnerability Upstack. (Quite often this is used alongside Antilight)
100G- This will cancel your levitation.
Antilight- This move will have 1 of 3 outcomes:
Purple orbs covering the arena floor - levitate to avoid them
Gold orbs above the arena - make sure to stay on the ground
Both purple and gold orbs together (this one usually appears if everyone is already levitating) - go to the center of the arena. There is a safe zone there from the purple orbs. The boss will cast 100G before the gold orbs explode, dropping you down into the safe zone.
Aetherial Rift- This move will slowly make you sink into the arena - use your duty action to levitate and avoid this. (It may be cast just after gold Antilight so you need to let them explode before levitating).
Gravitational Explosion- This move will make one player levitate and also ready stacking damage AoE on them. Everyone needs to levitate and stack with that player to share the damage (you won't share the damage if you're not levitating).
Maniacal Probe– This summons 4 tentacles in the cardinal directions on the arena with a corruption AoE around them. Once they spawn they will have a blue arrow-like icon on them. It will be followed by him casting
Epicenter- Shortly after this is cast you need to look for the tentacle that no longer has the blue icon and move to stand directly on top of it. The remaining with a blue icon will then cast a massive circle AoE dealing huge damage. Each subsequent time this Maniacal Probe/Epicenter rotation is used there will be one more tentacle that keeps its blue icon.
-100G- This move will spawn 4 purple and gold antilights on top of each other. There will be two safe zones from them at opposite ends of the arena. Shortly after the boss will fling everyone into the air, dealing around 10-15k damage on landing. Healers need to be ready with AoE heals as he will also follow up with another couple of high damage AoE hits following the landing.
</cleaned_strategy_text>