<cleaned_strategy_text>
Phases & Abilities
Antithesis Manifest: Voidwalker
NOTE: It is possible to fall off the edge of the arena and plummet to an early doom during the entire encounter. However, should any participant fall, they can be raised after a moderate delay.

Phase 1
Doomvoid Guillotine creates a massive straight line AoE directly through Voidwalker across the full length of the arena (relative to its current position and the direction it is facing). In short, the line will always be through the back/front of Voidwalker. After a brief delay, anyone standing in the reddish telegraph will sustain moderate damage and debuffs.
Nyx Demons will spawn along the Guillotine line, side-by-side, with each consecutive demon facing opposite directions. For example, if Voidwalker is in the centre of the arena (facing north) and Guillotine was cast through its north/south side, then Nyx will form in that line shortly afterwards, facing east, west, east, west, etc. After a brief delay, the demons will begin traversing in the direction they are facing until they leave the arena, inflicting damage and debuffs unto anyone caught in their path.
Doomvoid Slicer is a vicious donut AoE centred on Voidwalker. After a brief delay, anyone not standing directly in Voidwalker's hitbox will be sliced for moderate damage and debuffs. However, if Voidwalker is being tanked at the far end of the arena, there is usually enough space for players to avoid this simply by standing on the opposite side of the platform as well.
Nyx Demons will once again spawn, only this time, they take on the shape of the donut AoE (ie. circular - one north, east, west and south of Voidwalker). After a brief delay, they will travel towards where the boss initially cast Doomvoid Slicer, inflicting damage and debuffs on anyone they collide with during their travel. Once they collide with each other, they will disperse.
NOTE: Nyx Demons will always be summoned after each and every cast of Doomvoid Guillotine/Slicer.
Shadowflame is a vicious tank-buster that will hit both the main target and off-tank simultaneously. As a result, both tanks should be ready to mitigate whenever necessary.
Dark Fire III places large AoE markers on four random players, forcing them to spread out to avoid damaging teammates with their incoming AoE damage.
Dark Fire III is noticeable by the AoE circles (and icon above the victims head) taking on a reddish-pink hue. After a brief delay, Dark Fire III explodes, dealing high damage to its victims and anyone else caught in the blast(s).
Unholy Darkness places a stack-marker on a random player, forcing the team to group together in order to help absorb as much damage as possible.

Phase 2
Spell In Waiting will now be showcased. When cast, the next ability used by Voidwalker will become delayed. Abilities delayed in this manner will gain a new marker - a circle containing the icon of the delayed spell - along with a clock-like aesthetic, as well as a ticking timer that counts down when the ability is about to detonate. As you can imagine, this will lead to various mechanic combos that may trick players into reacting too early.
Dark Fire III (In Waiting) - casts the same pink-red AoE markers and icons onto four random players just like before, except this time, a clock-like animation displays that this spell is In Waiting. Rather than exploding after a brief delay like its original version, it will only explode when the In Waiting timer has completed, indicated by a 5-second countdown animation within the clock-like icon over each victims head. This first cast will not overlap with any other mechanics, essentially serving as a micro-tutorial of what to expect.
Unholy Darkness (In Waiting) - casts the stack-marker from earlier, except this time, it will be In Waiting, gaining the same clock-like icon. Instead of being executed after a brief delay, it will only detonate when the marked player's timer counts down. Just like the above Dark Fire III, this delayed version of Unholy Darkness will not overlap with any other mechanics - another mini-tutorial of what is to come.
Dark Fire III (In Waiting) + Unholy Darkness (In Waiting) will now test the group. Voidwalker, after casting a delayed Dark Fire III (4x Pink-Red AoE markers), will also cast a delayed stack marker. For this first overlap, both spells will go off simultaneously, so players with the AoE marker should spread out away from the group, whereas anyone without an AoE marker should bunch up to help absorb the stack-marker.
Entropy causes Voidwalker to unleash a vicious barrage of unavoidable raid-wide damage that should be healed or shielded through.
Hand of Erebos will now spawn at the eastern or western edge of the arena. After a moderate delay, the menacing hand will eventually hit the platform and knock people in the direction it is facing (as indicated by an arena-wide telegraph that displays arrows pointing in the knockback direction). All participants should move as close to the hand as possible (without falling off the platform) to avoid being punted over the edge to their doom. Additionally, knockback from the Hand of Erebos can also be avoided by utilizing knockback immunity cooldowns.
Doomvoid Guillotine will once again be cast through Voidwalker in the direction it is facing - indicated by the massive straight-line AoE across the platform. Simply move out of the telegraph to avoid, though bear in mind, Nyx Demons will be summoned along the line after it has detonated and must be avoided just like before.
Hand of Erebos will spawn at the same time as the Nyx Demons, forcing players to avoid the flying creatures while navigating towards the Hand of Erebos to avoid being knocked off the platform.
Doomvoid Slicer - the donut AoE from earlier - will be cast once more, forcing all participants to move into Voidwalkers hitbox. Bear in mind that Nyx Demons will be spawned afterward and must be avoided, just like earlier.
Shadowflame - the tank-buster against both tanks simultaneously - will be cast once more, followed by another Entropy (the unavoidable raid-wide AoE). Tanks and Healers, be ready!
Punishing Rays spawns multiple pulsating pools around the arena. Visually, you will eventually see objects floating from the sky towards each puddle, much like meteor mechanics. Once the objects touch the ground, any pool that isn't sealed (i.e. doesn't have a player standing within it) will emit unavoidable damage and inflict vicious debuffs upon the raid. However, standing within a pool will also inflict a nasty bleed for as long you remain inside.
Unholy Darkness (In Waiting) - casts the stack-marker from earlier with the In Waiting delay whilst the group is standing within Punishing Ray pools, baiting players into leaving too early in order to stack. Instead, the raid should wait until Punishing Ray has concluded before moving.
However, Voidwalker will then cast Dark Fire III (In Waiting) in an attempt dissuade players from stacking up for Unholy Darkness. Do not be fooled! Instead, all participants should remain stacked until Unholy Darkness (stack) has been concluded, then move away from the group to avoid clipping teammates with the delayed Dark Fire III (AoE circles).
Hand of Erebos and Punishing Ray will be cast in unison, forcing players to move towards the hand (or utilize knockback immunity) to avoid being pushed off the platform, then scramble to stand within the pulsating pools and seal them before Punishing Ray concludes.
Entropy will once again blast the entire raid with unavoidable damage.
Shadow Eye places a 'look away' marker on a player, indicated by a purple icon in the shape of an open eye. Only those who are looking directly at the targeted player when the spell has been activated will be affected by its detrimental effects; thus players must ensure they have their back to the marked player when it goes off. Failure to look away from the target when it goes off will Petrify them, rendering them unable to move for a considerable amount of time.
Shadow Eye (In Waiting) places the 'look away' marker on another player along with the In Waiting timer. The raid must be ready to turn away from the effected player once the 5-second timer begins counting down. However, various mechanics will take place before Shadow Eye (In Waiting) is executed, such as:
Doomvoid Guillotine - another straight line-AoE through Voidwalker in the direction it is facing, followed by the summoning of more Nyx Demons along the line after it has detonated, all of which must be avoided in the same manner as before.
Doomvoid Slicer - the donut AoE from earlier - will be cast once more, except this time, it will overlap with the upcoming Shadow Eye (In Waiting), forcing all participants to move into Voidwalkers hitbox (or to the other end of the arena if Voidwalker is being tanked near the north or south edge, whilst also avoiding the gaze of the Shadow Eye target. Bear in mind that Nyx Demons will still be spawned and must be avoided.

If you have gotten this far, all the previous mechanics will repeat on a loop until Voidwalker (or the raid) is slain.
</cleaned_strategy_text>