<cleaned_strategy_text>
Phases & Abilities
Antithesis Conscient: The Idol of Darkness
Players can fall off the edge of the arena and die, but they can be raised after some time.

Phase 1
Empty Wave - The Idol of Darkness deals unavoidable raid-wide damage via an outward travelling shockwave of dark energy.
Unshadowed Stake - tethers the main tank and prepares to unleash a devastating straight-line AoE tankbuster at them for massive damage. If targeted, make sure to aim the tether away from the rest of the group and utilize mitigation cooldowns.
Words of Motion - summons two swirling clouds of bird-like energy simultaneously at the northern edge of the arena. By checking the arena floor, you will notice that they each take up one of four possible 'lanes'. Shortly afterward, two more clouds will be summoned in the two remaining lanes. After a moderate delay, the clouds will shoot down their lane in the order they were summoned in, inflicting major damage against anyone in their path. To avoid, simply move out of the lane of the first two clouds, wait for them to fire, then move into a now empty lane to avoid the remaining clouds.
Red & Blue Portals - creates a red and blue portal at the centre of the area (facing the boss), as well as another red and blue portal to a north-east or north-west side of the arena. Shortly afterward, the boss will cast another double-wave of Words of Motion (bird clouds). Words of Motion (bird clouds) will begin to form shortly after the portals are summoned, just like before, except one of the clouds from the first wave will be shot into either a Blue or Red portal, whilst one cloud from the second wave will enter the remaining portal. After a brief delay, the 'bird clouds' will then fire out of the Red & Blue 'side-lane' portals in the order they entered them. For example, if Birds of Motion fires into a Red Portal, then Blue Portal, players must make sure to stand in a Blue Side-Lane (to avoid being blasted by the Red-Side-Portal, which will fire first). The Red side-lanes will now be safe, allowing you to stand inside one and avoid being blasted by the Blue side-lane portals (which fire second).
Away With Thee - places a special mark on all raid members in the form of a purple circle (around the character) connected to a second circle further away from them. After a brief delay, all players will be rendered unable to move and will be forcefully teleported from their current circle to the other. As a result, everyone must ensure that they do not teleport themselves over the edge of the arena or in the path of other dangers.
False Twilight - spawns AoE circles underneath random players that must be avoided.
Silver Sledge - targets two random players with stack-up markers, forcing the raid to split into two groups to help absorb the damage. Marked players should not stack with each other as the results may be fatal.
Unjoined Aspect - applies a light or dark effect to every raid member.
Words of Night - spawns unavoidable light and dark 'bird-clouds' near the boss that will eventually shoot down lanes. Players will need to ensure that they are hit by the opposite colour of their Unjoined Aspect. For example, if you are marked by the dark aspect, you must move into a lane that will be shot by a light bird-cloud. If successful, your aspect will swap to the opposite colour (light to dark, or vice versa), whereas failure will result in major (typically fatal) damage. Words of Night will twice more, so make sure to stand in a lane that represents the opposite colour of your aspect until the mechanic is resolved.
On reaching this point, the Idol of Darkness will disperse, the arena will adopt a darker hue, and two adds will spawn at opposite ends of the arena, indicating the end of the phase.

Phase 2
Idolatry Adds will now be active in the arena - each looking like a vortex of birds. Tanks should obtain enmity on each add, and both must be killed within a time limit. The adds can be safely stacked on top of each other.
Away With Thee - places teleportation markers on each member of the raid once more, forcing everyone to ensure that they do not teleport themselves into danger. Simultaneously, each Idolatry Add will cast Strength In Numbers, a donut AoE that will detonate shortly after everyone has been teleported. As a result, players must aim their marker so that they are teleported safely within (or away from) the donut AoE's (without falling over the edge of the arena in the process).
Silver Shot - targets every member of the raid with AoE circles, forcing everyone to split up to avoid damaging teammates with their incoming AoE damage. Shortly afterward, each Idolatry Add will cast Strength In Numbers again, except this time, they will be in the form of point-blank AoE circles (instead of donut AoE's).
If the adds have not been defeated at this point, both will begin long-casting Explosion. If either add successfully casts Explosion, the raid will be wiped. If successful, The Idol of Darkness will unleash Empty Flood, blasting the raid with unavoidable raid-wide damage, indicating the end of the phase.

Phase 3
Unjoined Aspect + Red & Blue Portals - applies a light or dark aspect to every raid member. Simultaneously, the Idol of Darkness will also summon Red & Blue Portals. All side-lanes will now have a red or blue portal, not to mention one red and blue portal directly opposite from the boss. After a brief delay, Words of Night (the light and dark clouds) are summoned and will eventually be fired towards the raid. During this process, one aspect (light or dark) will enter a red portal while another enters a blue portal. Each player must ensure that they remain in the path of an opposite aspect (dark cloud if white aspect, or white cloud if dark aspect), yet you must also pay attention to which aspect is being fired into which coloured portal. After a brief delay, the side-lanes will also be blasted by light or dark depending on which aspect entered which portal.
To easily resolve this mechanic, first find the inner column lane that is opposite your debuff color, then stand on a tile that is intersected by two opposite color (red + blue) portals. You do not need to move once you are on the correct tile.
Black Smoke - spawns two meteor-towers at the northern and southern side of the arena that must be soaked. To complicate matters, the Idol of Darkness will also cast Away With Thee, forcing all participants to aim their teleportation marker so that they land within a tower. If nobody stands within either (or both) towers before the orbs (meteors) hit the arena floor, the entire raid will be bombarded with typically fatal damage.
On reaching this point, you will have witnessed all Idol of Darkness mechanics, which will continue in a loop until either the boss (or the raid) has been defeated.
</cleaned_strategy_text>