<cleaned_strategy_text>
Eden's Promise: Litany (Normal) Guide
Eden's Promise: Litany Raid Guide

The fight will largely uses forward vs. backward and left vs. right attacks.  The shadow versions of these attacks require you to pay attention to the shadow tail indicator to know which way the boss is going to be facing (the tail will be the boss' butt) to correctly position to dodge the attacks.  At 50% HP, the boss will begin to chain attacks together, so make sure you're paying extra attention!

Beast Phase Abilities
Forward or Backward Implosion: A battlefield wide AOE that will hit everyone either in front of, or behind the boss.  Pay attention to the name and position yourself on the opposite side to avoid taking damage.
Forward or Backward Shadow Implosion: The same as the previous implosion ability, only now there will be a shadow tail indicator to let you know the way the boss will be facing when the attack executes.  The tail is naturally the butt of the boss, so position accordingly to dodge the attacks.
Deepshadow Implosion: Unavoidable full room AOE, make sure to group heal and pop any group magic resistance cooldowns prior to the attack.
Spawn Shadow + Shadow Warrior: The boss will summon three shadow clones, one with a tether indicator.  The clones will then jump around the room in a clockwise pattern, and you'll need to make sure you're behind where the tethered clone ends up.  You will not see the tether anymore once they start jumping, so make sure you're paying attention!
Fade to Shadow: Two shadow pools will form on the edges of the battlefield.  Each explosion will explode their quarter of the map only, so you can continue DPSing the boss in the middle of the room as long as you're not positioned in the quadrant the explosions are coming from.
Shadowy Eruption: This will place a large cluster of targeted ground AOE indicators.  Dodge to live!
Sword Phase Transition: There will be no spell casting bar, however the boss will stand up on it's hind legs and shoot out a point blank AOE.  Run away from the boss and the Sword Phase begins.

Sword Phase Abilities
Umbra Smash: Tank single targeted ability that will hit them with four individual slashes, giving the tank slashing vulnerability stacks. These stacks can be ignored and do not require a tank swap.
Shadow's Edge: Tankbuster, straight line slashing attack on the tank.  Cooldowns/heals as needed and don't be in line in front of the boss!
Left and Right Giga Slashes: The named side of battlefield relative to the boss will get slashed, move to the opposite side prior to the cast bar completing to avoid
Left and Right Shadow Slashes: Look for the shadow tail indicator to know which direction the boss will be facing, and be on it's eventual opposite side of the named attack to avoid.
Voidgate: The boss will summon three drop-zone indicators in the room, with beams showing how many people need to stand in them. Make sure each one has at least two people in them to avoid a getting a damage reduction debuff.
Beast Phase Transition: This will be signified by a point blank knockback indicator.  Make sure you don't get pushed off the battlefield, as well as being ready to heal through as this is a room wide AOE attack
</cleaned_strategy_text>