<cleaned_strategy_text>
Phases & Abilities
Abyssal Abhorrence: Cloud of Darkness
Note: The battle takes place upon a large platform. Any player who jumps over the edge will fall to an early doom, though they may be raised by a healer after a moderate delay.

Phase 1
Ground-Razing Particle Beam: An unavoidable room-wide AOE. Mitigate and heal through.
Art of Darkness: This attack has two variations, and you can tell which one the boss is using based on whether her tentacles are glowing or not.
Glowing tentacles: Each DPS will be targeted for a line AOE and must join their partner to mitigate the damage.
Non-glowing tentacles: Each player will be targeted for a line AOE. To avoid overlap, players should move to their assigned locations around the boss.
Devouring Dark/Zero-Form Particle Beam: The main target will be hit and given a Magic Vulnerability Up debuff, and then with the tank buster Zero-Form Particle Beam. Tanks can either swap during the cast of Devouring Dark and use cooldowns to mitigate damage from Zero-Form, or just use an invulnerability skill to get through the attack. Either way, other players should get away from the tank to avoid getting clipped by the attack.
Obscure Woods: This causes room-wide damage and needs to be healed through/mitigated and changes the platform for the second phase.

Phase 2
Flood of Obscurity: Room-wide damage with knockback and marks the floor under players with a puddle that will cause high damage. Players should use their knockback resistance and stack the puddles at the inter-cardinals near the boss. This will help create a safe zone for a mechanic coming up.
Rejuvenating Balm: The boss will tether to two roots on opposite sides of the room that will cause massive AOEs on the sides of the platform. Moving to the opposite cardinal edges of the platform will let you avoid these AOEs. At the same time, players will be tethered to seeds in the puddles, and DPS players will be tethered to a tank or a healer. These tethers will eventually pull players into the puddles and deal massive damage. The strategy to break the tethers is to have the tanks and healers run to one safe zone and the DPS to the other. Once the AOE from Rejuvenating Balm resolves, players will run to the opposite side of the arena to break the tethers.
Anti-air Phaser Unlimited: The attack consists of a point-blank AOE around the boss, a large circle AOE buster on both tanks, a split AOE on both healers, and a wide conal AOE from the boss. To avoid taking damage, players will want to split into their assigned parties of four and move to either side of the boss, with the tanks moving to the edge of the arena away from their group. The point-blank AOE will go off, then the tank AOE, followed by the split for the healers with DPS to help mitigate the damage. The tanks should move back to the party quickly to avoid the conal AOE coming afterwards.
Wide-angle Phaser Unlimited: This attack is similar to Anti-Air Phaser however the order is reversed, and the tank buster is a line instead of a circle AOE. The boss will start with a large conal AOE, the tank line buster, the split attack on the healers, and finally the point-blank AOE.
Second Art of Darkness: One of the boss's tentacles will start glowing, indicating that the attack is coming out on the left or right, followed by either the stacking or splitting mechanics from the first Art of Darkness. Pay attention to which side the attack is coming out on, move to the opposite side, then move into assigned positions, as it's easier to adjust to partner stacks if needed.
Empty Plane: Room wide AOE dealing high damage, changes the platform, and marks panels on the floor for destruction.

Phase 3
Flood of Emptiness: Destroys the marked platforms and turns the center tile under the boss into a death-zone, as well as inflicts players with Curse of Darkness and Cloying Condensation.
Curse of Darkness: After the duration of the debuff, players fire a line AOE from their front. Aim away from players to avoid damage.
Cloying Condensation: Players can only occupy a tile on the floor for a certain amount of time before collapsing. If the tile is yellow, it is safe to continue standing on. If the tile turns red, players should move to an empty tile and back to reset the timer. If two players occupy the same tile, however, the tile will immediately collapse.
Hypercharged Condensation: The boss summons four Hypercharged Clouds at the cardinals of the platform that slowly move towards the boss. Each one that reaches the boss give her a Damage Up buff. Standing in front of the clouds inflicts them with Heavy, slowing them down significantly.
Full Perimeter Particle Beam: A large donut AOE. Stand on the edge of the bosses hitbox without entering the space underneath her to avoid.
Second Art of Darkness: Attacking half the stage (half of the panels in the middle column will be safe), then requiring players to either stack or spread out.
Deluge of Darkness: Unavoidable room wide AOE, mitigate/heal through. The arena will then return to normal.

Phase 4
Summon: The boss will summon two clones, one to a corner of the stage, and one to an edge of the platform next to the other clone. The boss will proceed to use Art of Darkness on either the left or right, which the clones will copy. This creates a small safe wedge on the stage. There is no indicator for these attacks, so looking to see where the clones are in relation to the boss is key. The boss will use Devouring Dark after this, so mitigate or tank swap to avoid.
Third Art of Darkness: This is simply a repeat of Art of Darkness mechanics in rapid succession. While the side she attacks is random, the boss will always use Art of Darkness in the following order:
Left or right-side attack.
Stack or split mechanic.
The opposite side to the first attack.

Mini Phase 1
Particle Concentration: Spawning eight Meteor markers that require a player to stand in each one or the meteors will explode, causing massive raid-wide damage and a debuff.
Players must break their tethers, then stand in the meteor markers until they resolve, then heal.
The boss will then use either Anti- Air Phaser or Wide-Angle Phaser, so dodge accordingly and move the boss back to the center of the room.
Ground-Razing Particle Beam and Rejuvenating Balm again, this time mixing in Second Art of Darkness. Players must identify the safe side to stand on to avoid both attacks, then either stack or split as before for the second half of the attack.
Devouring Dark again and move into the final phase of the fight.

Mini Phase 2
The final phase is a repeat of phase three, except that it lasts slightly longer. If you haven't defeated the boss by this point, the boss will enrage and use Deluge of Darkness to wipe the party.
</cleaned_strategy_text>