<cleaned_strategy_text>
Phases & Abilities
Keeper of Knowledge: Eden Prime
NOTE: The outer edge of the arena will kill any player that comes in contact with it.

Phase 1
Spear of Paradise causes Eden to slash the main target with a vicious two-hit tankbuster for high damage.
Eden's Gravity blasts the entire raid with raidwide damage.
Vice & Virtue (Orbs) places a noticeable mark above four random players in the shape of a cloudy orb, as well as noticeable circles around each target. After a brief delay, the orbs detonate, inflicting moderate damage to each target (as well as anyone caught in the AoE blasts), leaving behind a persistent puddle of darkness that should be avoided. If marked, be sure to move away from the center of the arena (and fellow teammates) to avoid overlapping damage.
Eden's Flare creates a donut AoE at Eden's present location, forcing players to move into Eden's hitbox to avoid taking damage.
Vice & Virtue (Tank Blasts) causes Eden to tether itself to both tanks in the group and mark them with an orange indicator. After a brief delay, Eden will fire a large blast of high damage in a straight line towards each target. As a result, both tanks should make sure to stand apart from one another (away from the group) so that the line blasts do not overlap or shoot through fellow teammates.
Pure Light begins with Eden teleporting to one of the four corners of the arena and long-casting a devastating AoE attack towards its center. Once the castbar has been filled, anyone standing in front of Eden will be blasted with tremendous damage that is typically fatal to non-tanks. To avoid, simply move behind Eden as soon as possible whenever you notice it teleporting to the corner of the arena. While doing so, be wary of the arena edges - anyone who touches the edge will be instantly slain.
Delta Attack is a triple AoE mechanic composed of a point-blank circle AoE around Eden, two large straight line AoEs that form the shape of a plus sign in the center, and also places AoE markers on every member of the group. Due to the patterns, only the corners of the arena are safe, and the player-based AoE markers means that the group should split up to ensure that there is enough room in each safe spot to avoid clipping fellow teammates with their AoEs.
Dimensional Shift causes Eden to teleport to the arena center and transform its surroundings while blasting the raid with raidwide damage. Once the animation fades, you'll notice the arena now has a reddish hue and no longer contains the same view as before. Whenever you see this transformation, the following mechanics will always take place, starting with:
Pure Beam - causing Eden to charge up and fire blasts of light into several orbs in the air. In addition, players will notice several other orbs around the arena. After a brief delay, the beams fired by Eden will begin shooting out of the orbs towards multiple random players periodically, peppering the entire battlefield with targeted line AoEs. Simultaneously, Eden will cast Paradise Lost, causing circle AoEs to repeatedly form under random players while they attempt to dodge the line AoEs. Being hit by either AoE type will inflict moderate damage and a stacking Vulnerability Up debuff.
Pure Light will be cast once more during the panic, causing Eden to teleport to a corner of the arena once again and charge up another blast. While avoiding the AoEs of Pure Beam and Paradise Lost, players must be ready to move behind Eden while the AoEs recede in order to avoid taking heavy damage. The edge of the arena will still kill any player who comes in contact with it, so be careful.
Dimensional Shift now causes Eden to teleport to the arena center and transform the arena back to its original form and dealing raidwide damage.
Fragor Maximus - similarly to Dimensional Shift, will blast the raid with unavoidable damage once more and catapult the arena into the depths of space.

Phase 2
During a brief respite, players will be able to witness Eden's true form descending from above - the form of a gigantic space ship. After a moderate delay, two proximity markers will spawn near the arena center, forcing players to move towards the north or south side.
Guardians of Paradise will land on the proximity markers - two adds that require tanks to pick them up and face them away from the party. Whilst alive, these adds will inflict occasional raidwide damage as well as vicious cleaves towards their main targets. Bear in mind that if these adds are not slain within a sufficient time period, they will hard enrage and eventually wipe the entire party. If successfully slain, a long transitional animation begins, depicting Eden's Guardian Force attack from Final Fantasy VIII - eventually blasting the entire raid into a black hole within the depths of space. As the raid plummets back down to the planet (the original arena), all members will have taken high damage and require immediate healing.
From then on, all the previous mechanics, excluding Fragor Maximus (the transition to space), will repeat on a loop until Eden (or the raid) is slain.
</cleaned_strategy_text>