<cleaned_strategy_text>
Keeper of Knowledge: Eden Prime
NOTE: The outer edge of the arena will kill any player that comes in contact with it.

Phase 1
Eden's Gravity is a raidwide AoE attack which deals percentage-based damage to all players. Healers should be mindful of the main tank seeing as Eden Prime will be peppering them with auto-attacks during the ability.

Vice and Virtue (Puddles) will place circular markers on four random DPS. After a brief delay, the targeted players will suffer AoE damage and place a persistent puddle at their current location. Targeted players should spread out to avoid inflicting unnecessary damage to teammates and place the puddles at the outer edges of the arena.

Eden's Flare is an arena-wide donut AoE with a single safe spot (within Eden itself).

Vice and Virtue (Tankbusters) will mark both tanks with the same circular marker as the puddle variant. After a brief delay, Eden will unleash a vicious line-AoE from itself in the direction of both tanks, blasting them (and anyone else caught in the blast) with major damage. Both tanks should utilize mitigation cooldowns and position themselves so that the raid (and the other tank) aren't blasted by their own beam.

Spear of Paradise is a double-hitting tankbuster against Eden's primary target. Bear in mind that each hit will inflict vulnerability, thus tanks should consider swapping between each hit unless the main tank can utilize an immunity cooldown.

Vice and Virtue (Prey) will mark both healers with the same circular markers as before. After a brief delay, marked targets will be blasted with very high damage and a vicious damage-over-time effect. Unlike previous Vice and Virtue attacks, these markers can be passed on to a different player, thus each Healer should pass a marker over to each tank as soon as possible. Considering the previous tankbuster mechanics, healers and tanks should be ready to utilize additional mitigation and healing whenever possible.

Pure Light causes Eden to dash to a corner of the arena and long-cast a fatal attack against anyone not standing directly behind it, just like normal mode. Additionally, players must be cautious of the arena parameter as it will instantly slay anyone who touches it. To avoid, simply move towards Eden and stand behind it before the attack is successfully cast.

Delta Attack causes Eden to rush to the arena center (immediately after Pure Light) and charge up a barrage of AoEs across the north, south, east and western sides of the playing field, including a circular AoE from its hitbox and a small AoE attack on each individual player. To avoid, players should split into groups of two and move to the diagonal edges of the arena (away from each other) so that only the player-targeting AoEs inflict damage.

Dimensional Shift inflicts raidwide damage and morphs the arena into a reddish hue. After transforming the arena, eight glowing white orbs will morph into a circular pattern around Eden itself which are used for the following two mechanics.

Paradise Lost will cause orbs to target the four farthest players in the group and repeatedly pepper them with five circular AoE attacks. The group should consider designating four players to move as far away as possible from Eden beforehand and bait these attacks, giving you the freedom to designate safespots and allow melee players to maintain uptime on Eden.

Pure Beam will cause each individual orb to target its nearest player and blast them with a vicious line-attack. To avoid unnecessary overlap, each player should be assigned an orb and move towards it as soon as possible, baiting their individual line-attack so that it shoots out of the arena without hitting anyone other than themselves. Bear in mind that beams will inflict Magic Vulnerability, hence stacking multiple beams (intentionally or otherwise) is ill advised.

Pure Light is cast after the above two mechanics have been completed. Just like before, Eden will dash to a corner of the arena and long-cast a fatal attack against anyone not standing directly behind it, so get behind Eden as soon as possible to avoid instant death.

Dimensional Shift inflicts raidwide damage before morphing the arena back to its original state.

Phase 2
Fragor Maximus is very similar to Normal mode. After inflicting major raidwide damage, Eden teleports the arena to the depths of space. After a brief delay, two proximity markers will spawn, indicating the arrival of two adds - Guardians of Paradise.

Each guardian should be picked up by a tank, moved towards each other, and faced away from the group. However, seeing as each add will perform regular cleaves, it is best not to double-tank them. Periodically, adds will attempt to cast Mana Boost, which should immediately be interrupted. If successfully cast, Mana Boost will buff the add with lethal damage. Eventually, both adds will begin charging Mana Burst - an unavoidable AoE blast for massive damage. To avoid the brunt of the damage, players should focus down a specific add so that the group isn't blasted by two Mana Burst at the same time.

As a last resort (enrage), adds will eventually begin to cast Unto Dust, forcing a DPS check which will wipe the entire raid if unsuccessful.

If the adds are successfully slain in time, Eternal Breath - the same transitional cutscene from normal - will play, causing Eden to shoot the raid into a black hole for tremendous damage and eventually drop everyone back to the original platform.

Paradise Regained is cast immediately after the transition has ended, giving Eden the ability to buff and alter mechanics so that they must be handled in a different manner. Due to this, players must pay attention to Eden's buffs. If you notice that Eden has a buff-icon while casting an ability, that ability will be altered.

Altered: Vice and Virtue (Tankbuster) revamps the original tankbuster so that it must be shared by the entire group rather than avoided. To combat this change, all players should split into two groups and stand alongside the tank to soak as much damage as possible. Despite being Altered, everyone hit by the mechanic will still acquire Magic Vulnerability. Furthermore, the first person hit by the blast will also be marked with Physical Vulnerability, so tanks should ensure that they are standing behind the assigned group.

Altered: Vice and Virtue (Puddles) will once again mark four random DPS. However, the revamped version no longer drops persistent puddles and, instead, requires the marked player to soak the upcoming damage alongside one additional player (ie. pair up).

Altered: Delta Attack is practically an inverse version of the original mechanic. Instead of spreading throughout the room to avoid massive line-based attacks throughout the arena, the group must instead stack close to Eden to avoid a major donut AoE. Simultaneously, both tanks will be marked for line AoEs, and a random DPS or healer will be marked for a non-telegraphed stack marker. To handle this, all players should group up close to Eden, with two tanks standing (separately) on one side while everyone else stacks together on the other. By doing so, everyone avoids the donut AoE, the tanks aim their beams harmlessly out of the arena, and the stack marker is soaked by everyone else.

Altered: Vice and Virtue (Prey) marks both healers and is similar to the original mechanic, except this time, players affected by the resulting blast will receive Poison, Physical Vulnerability and Healing Magic Down. Due to these debuffs being unpleasant for tanks, the marks should instead be passed on to a DPS.

Spear of Paradise, the double-hitting tankbuster against Eden's primary target, will be used once more. However, it is not altered in any way, thus should be handled in the same manner as phase one (either with an immunity cooldown or tank swap).

Dimensional Shift inflicts raidwide damage before morphing the arena to the alternate red version once more. Unlike before, Dimensional Shift will also spawn four white orbs (rather than the previous eight) next to falling meteors, which must be destroyed before they collide with the platform. Should any meteor land, the entire raid will be bombarded by heavy damage and debuffs. While the meteors drop, the raid will also have to contend with mechanics from the white orbs as well (see below).

White Orbs, just like earlier, will each target the closest player, except this time, the resulting beams will fire tri-pronged line attacks that will spin-fire in a particular direction indicated by the rotating arrows. Due to overlapping with the falling meteors, players should be assigned to each orb and bait the beams so that they fire out of the arena, leaving other DPS (and tanks) free to deal with any remaining meteors in the center. Bear in mind that the orbs will fire in a 180-degree arc before dissipating.

Pure Light is cast after the above two mechanics have been completed. Just like before, Eden will dash to a corner of the arena and long-cast a fatal attack against anyone not standing directly behind it, so get behind Eden as soon as possible to avoid instant death.

Dimensional Shift inflicts raidwide damage before morphing the arena back to its original state.

If you've gotten this far, Eden will perform a chain of previous mechanics in quick succession, such as:

Eden's Gravity - the raidwide attack from the start of the battle.

Eden's Flare - the arena-wide donut AoE from the start of the battle. Remember to move into Eden's hitbox to avoid damage.

Vice and Virtue (Tankbusters) - the unmodified attack against both tanks simultaneously. Tanks must remember to aim their markers so that the resulting blast doesn't clip the raid (or their fellow tank).

Spear of Paradise - the double-hitting tankbuster against Eden's primary target. Don't forget to utilize immunity (single tank) or a tank swap to avoid stacking Vulnerability.

Vice and Virtue (Puddles) - the unmodified version you dealt with at the beginning of the battle. Don't forget to place puddles at the outer edges of the arena.

Delta Attack - the unmodified version from earlier. Don't forget to pair up and stand within the diagonal safespots away from Eden to avoid the inner AoE and the barrage of attacks across the north, south, east and western sides of the playing field. Bear in mind that the puddles will still be active at this point, so be sure to drop them away from the safespots before Delta Attack is executed.

Vice and Virtue (Prey) - the unmodified version from earlier. Healers should once again transfer their marks to each tank as soon as possible.

Dimensional Shift - inflicts raidwide damage and morphs the arena to the alternate red version, along with the falling meteors and four White Orbs you dealt with a little earlier. Both mechanics are handled the same way as before (by baiting the beams so that the tri-pronged attacks fire out of the arena and don't rotate towards the center).

Pure Light is cast after the above two mechanics have been completed. Just like before, Eden will dash to a corner of the arena and long-cast a fatal attack against anyone not standing directly behind it, so get behind Eden as soon as possible.

Dimensional Shift - inflicts raidwide damage and morphs the arena to the original version, followed by another Eden's Gravity (raidwide AoE), and Eden's Flare (move into Eden's hitbox to avoid the donut AoE).

Having survived this onslaught, the raid will witness Eden casting another Paradise Regained, giving it alternative versions of previous mechanics much like before. After dealing with Eden's altered assault, such as Altered: Vice and Virtue (Tankbuster) and a few others, Eden will soon initiate a hard enrage via Fragor Maximus, causing a final DPS check. Should Eden successfully cast Fragor Maximus at this point, the raid suffers an unavoidable raid wipe.
</cleaned_strategy_text>