<strategy_text>
Manor Jester will cast Void Blizzard. The spell will not only damage players but also applies the debuff Slow. Healers should remove the debuff with Esuna. Additionally, players should kill the adds that spawn and avoid the AoE ice patches spawned by the boss.

Players who are not the tank should not stand in front of the boss to avoid its cleave attacks. Always be ready to move to avoid the glowing blue spirit cutters. Avoid swirling swords spawned by the boss. When the boss casts Abyssal Transfixion and places the debuff Paralysis on a player, healer should remove it ASAP. When the boss spawns the add, kill the add as soon as possible.

This fight is basically a series of DPS races. Because the item level requirement for Haukke Manor (Hard) is only 48, many players will outgear this dungeon by way of Gear Sync, which ironically could pose issues with this fight, as described below.

The boss will use AoE spells Void Fire III and Dark Mist. Avoid these as they cannot be stunned. She will summon adds during the fight: first one, then two, then finally one.

When absorbed, Halicarnassus will gain immunity to stun/silence.
When absorbed, she will gain a Determination buff (increased damage).

After a short time, she will cast a spell to absorb the add. Once the add is absorbed, she will cast the unavoidable spell 'Blood Rain. The more health the add had when absorbed, the more damage Blood Rain will do. This can be deadly, so each wave of adds is a DPS race.

None of the adds can be killed completely and should be ignored at 0%. When she spawns the two Handmaidens, it's best to bring one down to zero health and then concentrate on the other. When one reaches zero HP, she will absorb it immediately. If you don't get one of the Handmaidens down to zero health before she casts the absorb spell, she will choose one at random. If she chooses the Handmaiden with full health, it will wipe the group, so make sure to get one of the Handmaidens down to zero health before she absorbs one.

The final add is Lady Amandine, the final boss from normal-mode Haukke Manor. She spawns when the boss is at 50%. Using a DPS Limit Break on her is recommended.

If the party is significantly overgeared for this fight and burn Halicarnassus too quickly, she may instantly absorb Lady Amandine, which could wipe the party unless there is sufficient shielding and mitigation (which is fairly limited at level 50). This usually happens below 30%, so a good strategy is to keep her at around 35% until Amandine's health is depleted. Then either try to kill it with a DPS Limit Break as before, or stop DPS after the second add wave (Handmaidens) and slowly bring her down to 40% HP at which point Lady Amandine will spawn. The party will need to damage Amandine sufficiently before continuing to burn the boss to mitigate Blood Rain.

Once the final add is dead, the tank should drag the boss to the center of the room. At about 15% HP, she will use Beguiling Mist. While she casts this spell, it will Charm all players and cause them to walk towards the boss. She will target one player with Void Fire IV, an AoE that deals moderate damage. This will repeat three times. If you haven't killed her after the third Beguiling Mist, she will absorb a random party member and the resulting Blood Rain will wipe the group. This DPS race is much easier than the add waves, but make sure to kill her before the third Beguiling Mist.
</strategy_text>