<strategy_text>
Auspice: Suzaku
On entering the Hell's Kier (Extreme) arena, participants will notice four Pheonix corpses (Scarlet Ladies) scattered around its centre. Bear in mind that these will respawn if specific fire-based abilities hit them during the encounter. Also, healers should be mindful of Suzaku's auto-attacks throughout the battle whenever she is not actively casting abilities seeing as the main tank will be taking continuous damage.

Phase 1
Screams of the Damned - an unavoidable raid-wide blast that will damage all participants.
Rout - Suzaku will fly out of the arena and reappear somewhere along its edge. Simultaneously, all players will be tagged with an AoE marker. The group must move out Suzaku's path to avoid an incoming dive-bomb while also spreading around the arena to avoid clipping other players with their AoE mark. This is best achieved by having 3-4 players on opposite ends of the arena, giving the group enough space to spread out while Suzaku launches herself through the centre. Considering that the AoE markers inflict fire damage, players must also avoid clipping the Scarlet Ladies.
Fleeting Summer - Suzaku will turn towards a random member of the party and aim a frontal AoE cone in their direction that should be avoided.
Cremate - Suzaku will blast the main-tank with a vicious magic-based tank-buster.
Phoenix Down - a set of overlapping mechanics that begin with small plumes being dropped around the arena in a set pattern, along with a much larger plume in the very centre with far superior health. After being summoned, all plumes will begin to long-cast a deadly AoE attack (indicated by AoE circles emanating from each plume). If left unattended, the central plume will resurrect all four Scarlet Ladies with a drastic HP buff that makes them borderline impossible to kill. As a result, players must utilize the following mechanic, Rekindle, to their advantage.
Rekindle - tags all damage-dealers with an AoE marker that will inflict fire damage to the marked player and anyone caught in its blast. Due to being fire-based, these can also resurrect the Scarlet Ladies. However, unlike the central plume from Pheonix Down, resurrecting the adds in this manner will not provide them with a major HP buff. The group should first kill a northern, southern, eastern and western plume to provide enough space to avoid the AoE blast from the remaining plumes. At the same time, damage-dealers must be ready to move to a chosen Phoenix and resurrect it with their Rekindle marker, preferably without overlapping with other AoE markers and causing unnecessary damage to one another. If done correctly, the resurrected add(s) will tether themselves to the damage-dealer who raised them, allowing them to be pulled away from the central plume and into one of the four safe spots that were created by killing the N, S, E, and W plumes. Once done, the remaining plumes can be ignored while the group slay the Scarlet Ladies.
Ashes to Ashes - should any of the Scarlet Ladies remain alive long enough, they will blast the raid with excruciating AoE damage and inflict a stackable Supperation debuff. Due to this, all adds should be burned down as quickly as possible.
Cremate will once again be cast during the above mechanics, blasting the main tank with a vicious magic-based tank-buster.
Screams of the Damned will be cast once more, blasting the raid with unavoidable AoE damage. After doing so, Suzaku will fly to the centre of the arena, marking the arrival of Phase 2.

Phase 2
Eternal Flame - Suzaku will briefly fly out of the arena while it undergoes a noticeable transformation. A pattern will begin to form in the arena centre that contains eight circles around its edges - one for each member of the raid to stand in. After a brief delay, Suzaku will summon orbs that will travel from the sides of the arena towards the centre that should be absorbed by players. To do so, players need to face in the same direction as the arrow displayed on their respective circle. Successfully doing so will allow the player to absorb the incoming orb, gain a stacking damage up buff, and prevent Suzaku from gaining more power for an upcoming raid-wide blast (Scarlet Fever).
Scarlet Fever - Suzaku will blast the entire arena with raid-wide damage (magnified by any orbs that were not properly absorbed during Eternal Flame). After doing so, Suzaku will now be in human form, and the entire arena will now have a visible hole in its centre and no outer edges. In short, players can now fall through the centre or over the edges. The group should also note that the entire arena will now have four visibly different quadrants that will be relevant during later mechanics.
Southron Star - Suzaku will barrage the raid with an unavoidable raid-wide AoE (which is essentially her human version of Screams of the Damned).
Mesmerizing Melody - Suzaku will pull all participants towards her by a set distance, putting everyone at risk of falling through the hole in the centre of the arena. To avoid this, players can either move to the outer edges or utilize skills such as Surecast to prevent knockbacks.
Well Of Flame - a double mechanic, starting with a frontal AoE that targets a random member of the group. At the same time, four players will also be tagged by Rekindle (AoE markers). Due to this, the group must avoid the AoE as well as marked players by spreading around the arena.
Scathing Net - tags a random Healer with a stack-mark AoE, forcing the party to regroup and stack to help absorb the incoming damage.
Phantom Flurry - a vicious tank-buster that will brand the target with physical vulnerability before unleashing a barrage of physical attacks. To succeed, the off-tank should provoke Suzaku while Phantom Flurry is being cast. After performing the tank-buster, Suzaku will blast the area in front of her with a un-telegraphed conal AoE knockback. The group must ensure that they are not standing in front of Suzaku at this time or they will be punted out of the arena to their death (if not slain by its damage).
Phoenix Pattern - the four quadrants of the arena will each adopt a unique colour and rune pattern. Simultaneously, the same patterns and colours on the ground will be displayed in two sequences outside of the arena while a tethered Phoenix begins to rotate towards them. As the Phoenix touches the outer runes, the quadrant containing that rune/colour will explode, forcing the group to pay attention to the upcoming sequences and move so that they do not stand within an exploding quadrant. Once the two sequences have been completed, Suzaku will either cast Mesmerizing Melody (pulling the group into the centre) or Ruthless Refrain (a knockback from the arena centre). In short, players will either have to move away to avoid being sucked into the central hole, or closer, to avoid being knocked off the edge of the arena.
Close-Quarter Crescendo - tethers all players to a fiery orb. After being fully cast, players will be force marched in the direction of the arrow the orb displays by a large distance. The group must ensure that they aim themselves so that they don't walk off the edge or through the central hole.
Well Of Flame will be cast once again - a frontal AoE along with four players being marked by Rekindle AoE's. This is treated the same way as it was before.
Phantom Flurry immediately follows (and is treated the same way as it was before). The off-tank should provoke Suzaku while Phantom Flurry is being cast, while the raid moves behind her to avoid the upcoming frontal AoE knockback.
Phoenix Pattern will happen once more, only this time, players must be mindful of either Ruthless Refrain (knockback) or Mesmerizing Melody (pull) as soon as the rotating Phoenix spawns. It is entirely random which one is used, so watch out! Also, Suzaku will cast a Southron Star after the first sequence and a Phantom Flurry after the second.
Incandescent Interlude - spawns four meteor circles at cardinal points around the arena, encouraging players to stand within each one to avoid lethal destruction. However, this mechanic overlaps with Ruthless Refrain, meaning that manually standing within the circle will result in being knocked off the arena. Instead, players must stand close to Suzaku so that they get knocked into the meteor circle. However, four players will also be marked by AoE circles - either all damage-dealers or the tanks and healers. As a result, the group should pair a damage-dealer with a tank or healer and stand close to Suzaku. Once the marked players have been identified, the unmarked player should aim themselves so that they get pushed into a meteor circle, while the marked players point themselves towards an intercardinal direction to avoid meteor circles (and anyone pushed into them).
Well Of Flame will be cast yet again and is treated the exact same way as it was before.
Phoenix Pattern will appear for the third time, except now the sequences will only involve four runes per cycle and be overlapped by several mechanics. These include:
4-Sequence + Well of Flame & Rekindle - forcing players to avoid the exploding quadrants, other marked players, and an AoE from Suzaku.
4-Sequence + Close Quarter Crescendo - tethering players for a directional forced march before the sequence begins, forcing the group to aim themselves so that they are forced to a safe quadrant without walking off the edge of the arena or through the hole in the centre.
4-Sequence + Mesmerizing Melody (OR) Ruthless Refrain - much like before, players must be ready to either move close to Suzaku to avoid being knocked off the edge, or move away from Suzaku to avoid being pulled through the central hole before dealing with the exploding quadrants. As soon as this sequence is complete, Suzaku will prepare a Phoenix Flurry which, like before, requires an immediate tank-swap and for all party members to stand behind Suzaku to avoid the un-telegraphed knockback. Once successful, players can then deal with the upcoming sequence of exploding quadrants.
If Suzaku has not been slain by this point, she will begin repeating a set of familiar mechanics before initiating an enrage phase, indicated by another Phoenix Pattern. However, this sequence will have absolutely no safe quadrants to stand in at all, resulting in an inevitable wipe if she has not been defeated quickly enough.
</strategy_text>