<strategy_text>
Objectives
Arrive at the Keisen Garden: 0/1
Defeat Zuiko-maru: 0/1
Arrive at the Budokan Training Grounds: 0/1
Defeat Dojun-maru: 0/1
Arrive at the Noh Theater: 0/1
Defeat Yojimbo: 0/1

Bosses
Zuiko-maru
Avoid the frontal cone he occasionally casts.
Stack when someone is hit with the shareable damage marker.
He will spawn up to two bombs at a time that will tether to a player, chase them, and try to bind them. When a bomb is killed, it will stay in place and damage anyone in its radius AoE. Players who get tethered should keep to one side of the room to make it easier to avoid the very large AoE.
Healers should prepare to heal through his occasional casts of Kenki Release, which hits the whole party.

Dojun-maru
Avoid the narrow column AoEs that stretches from one end of the room to the other.
Kill the clones as soon as possible to avoid heavy groupwide damage.
When marked with the electric circle marker, spread out to avoid catching anyone in more than their own damage AoE.
Also uses the Blue Mage spell Tatami-gaeshi.

Yojimbo
During the first Payday phase, piles of gold will spawn around the room. His dog will lunge to pick them up, knocking aside anyone in his trajectory, filling the duty gauge with each pile he successfully picks up. Interact with as much gold as you can to pick it up; his dog prioritizes gold in the order in which it drops.
When the Payday phase completes, Yojimbo will deal groupwide damage according to how much the duty gauge has filled.
Be ready for occasional groupwide damage from Metta-Giri.
Inoshi-Katcho casts circle AoEs on first the center of the room, then the outskirts. Move out of these.
Avoid his circle AoE he casts on himself.
During the second Payday phase, act as before, but destroy the dragon heads he summons during this phase. They cast column AoEs on players' locations, and don't take much punishment before dying. He may summon dragon heads after the second Payday phase is complete as well; deal with them when that time comes.
</strategy_text>