<strategy_text>
Pharos Sirius Guide

Symond the Unsinkable
Abilities in this encounter add a stack of Corrupting Crystal to each player. At three stacks, it will explode, dealing damage to all nearby players.
Stay spread out, avoid the long, narrow column attack, and kill the hounds as quickly as possible to limit stacks.
When the large circles appear, quickly move to one side of the room. It can be beneficial for the ranged to go to one side, while the melee go to the other to prevent an explosion from killing everyone. These circles will leave a persistent yellow pool which adds more stacks of the debuff.
If you reach 3 stacks of the debuff, run away from everyone. Since you are at 3 stacks, you can run into the yellow pool if you have to.
Around 15% HP, either use the melee LB to end the boss, or use the caster LB to kill the 3-4 hounds that spawn.

Zu
Tank: Face the boss away from the group.
Healer: Be prepared for a lot of AoE healing.
There are two types of eggs, spotted and plain. The plain eggs spawn an add that does a minor AoE while the spotted eggs spawn an add that channels onto a player.
Ignore the eggs until the emote "The egg is threatening to hatch," which will cause 2-3 eggs to start to glow purple. Only kill one of them. If one of them is a spotted egg, kill it. If more than one is killed, Zu will use Flying Frenzy and bodyslam a party member, which can easily kill someone.
Dancers should avoid using Standard Finish as this will destroy multiple eggs at once.
When Zu flies into the air, kill any adds that are alive. While in the air, Zu will place ground effects under the tank. Also uses the Blue Mage spell Sonic Boom.

Tyrant
Tank: Face the boss away from the group and pick up the Sailor adds.
Move out of the circular AoE that appears under Tyrant during Bombination.
The boss seems to have quite low HP. Either AoE the adds with the boss or just burn the boss down.

Siren
Tank: Position the boss near the center of the room and be ready to pick up the Zombie Storm Privates. Kite the Zombie Storm Sergeants.
Healer: A debuff, Siren Song, will be placed on random party members when the Siren casts Song of Torment. You have 12 seconds to heal them to full HP or they will become charmed for a period of time. You should also remove the Bleed debuff, which is applied to the tank periodically.
Along with Storm Privates, Zombie Storm Sergeants will also spawn. These will slowly move towards a target and should be kited while the DPS kill them. If they reach their target, they will stun them.
When Siren vanishes, she will either appear in the center of the room or on an edge. If she is in the middle, stack on top of her to avoid getting hit with an AoE Siren Song debuff. If she is on an edge, move out from in front of her to avoid a charge.
Interrupt Lunatic Voice to avoid an AoE healing reduction debuff. It is removable with Esuna if it does go off.
</strategy_text>