<cleaned_strategy_text>
Phantom Train
Players will find themselves within a rectangular-shaped arena in the form of a moving train cart. It is impossible to fall over the edge during normal mode, though players can be whisked away from the battle should they fail specific mechanics, resulting in them being locking within a train carriage away from the main battle, at least until the player defeats a ghostly threat that is also contained within.

General Mechanics
Ghost Block - creates four squared telegraphs through the center of the arena (from front-to-back) which will soon be inhabited by ghosts. Once fully spawned, players will be unable to traverse through the squares, which will remain as impassable obstacles for as long as they persist. Take note - any player who remains within the square once the ghosts have fully formed will immediately be slain.

Head-On Collision - creates a proximity marker at the front of the arena, encouraging players to retreat. After a brief delay, the mysterious Ghost Train will ram the cart, inflicting unavoidable damage and knocking back the entire raid. All players will suffer damage relative to how close they were to the point of impact.

Spotlights #1 - after ramming the arena, the Ghost Train will emit two circular spotlights on the platform. The introductory spotlights will always be static and aimed at the front two Ghost Blocks. Once detonated, the ghosts hit by the light will vanish, removing the obstacles they once provided. Keep this in mind for later. Also, players caught within spotlights (once they detonate) will suffer tremendous (typically fatal) damage, so avoid at all costs.

Spotlights #2 - two random players will find themselves being marked while two more circular spotlights materialize within the arena. Unlike the previous (static) spotlights, these will begin to move towards marked players, following their movements for a brief period. After a few seconds, the spotlights will finally cease movement and detonate, inflicting massive damage upon anyone caught within them. As mentioned above, players will be able to utilize spotlights to vanquish any ghosts within the arena, such as the two remaining Ghost Blocks at the back of the train, though this isn't necessary.

Diabolical Headlamp - marks a random player with a stack marker. After a brief delay, the Ghost Train will emit a Saintly Beam of blinding light in the direction of the marked player that must be shared by the raid. Unlike regular stack markers, the damage will be shared so long as players are 'lined up', meaning anyone can help share the damage so long as they are within the line, no matter how far away they are from the initial target.

Diabolical Whistle #1 - creates two new ghosts within the arena that immediately tether themselves to random players. After fully forming, the ghosts will slowly begin to chase their tethered victim around the arena. Simultaneously, two other players will be marked for Spotlights, which will also track their movement around the platform. Having witnessed the spotlights destroying ghosts earlier in the encounter, players should utilize this knowledge and coordinate themselves so that the ghosts move inside the spotlight(s) as they detonate. If successful, the ghosts will be destroyed. If unsuccessful, the remaining ghost(s) will slowly begin to gather speed until it becomes impossible to avoid them. In such a case, the tethered victim(s) will eventually be caught and whisked away to a Passenger Car.

Passenger Car - a micro-arena containing a ghostly threat - either one of two forms of ghosts (similar to those encountered earlier) or Siegfried, a ghostly swordsman. No matter what encounter awaits, players will be unable to exit the passenger car until the ghostly presence has been vanquished.

Doom Strike - a tankbuster against the Ghost Train's primary target which should be mitigated via cooldowns whenever possible.

Diabolical Wind - marks two random players with moderate-sized green circles. After a delay, both players will be bombarded with gusts of wind, inflicting damage to the target and any other overlapped players. If marked, simply move away from the rest of the group to avoid inflicting unnecessary damage to your teammates.

Diabolical Whistle #2 - spawns numerous ghosts to the east and west of the platform that will eventually begin to travel towards the opposite side, forcing the raid to weave in-between them. Should any player collide with a ghost for any reason, they will immediately be whisked away to a Passenger Car (see above).

Diabolical Light - marks two random players with large pulsating circles which, after a brief delay, cause said players to drop proximity markers at their current location. Once the proximity markers have dropped, the raid will have a brief moment to retreat away from their location. Once detonated, all players will suffer unavoidable damage (relative to how close they were to each marker). It is wise to have players drop their proximity markers to the far south, allowing the raid to maintain uptime on the Ghost Train to the far north. Either way, the raid should ensure that they are as far away from the proximity markers as possible before they detonate to reduce overall damage.

Acid Rain - bombards the arena with acid rain, inflicting raidwide damage.

Add Phase
After disappearing into the distance, the Ghost Train will pull up alongside the cart via the side tracks. Once it has arrived, several putrid passengers (adds) will begin to leap from the Ghost Train and invade the arena. Whilst being invaded, random players will periodically be marked for Diabolical Wind, forcing them to move away from the rest of the group to avoid overlapping.

After all passengers have been eliminated, an interactable object will appear which, once clicked, allows players to leap aboard the Ghost Train's roof. Once there, everyone must make their way to the head of the train and destroy the Ghost Train's Doom Chimney. Once destroyed, all players will be returned to the arena whilst the Ghost Train veers off into the distance, leaving behind unavoidable clouds of smog that will slowly begin to suffocate the entire raid (Throttle).

While asphyxiating, eight ghosts will spawn within the arena. Unlike previous mechanics, all players should now intentionally be caught by a ghost (before they disappear) to be teleported to the safety of a Passenger Car, allowing them to breath again. Anyone who avoids ghosts out of habit will choke to death instead. However, players teleporting to a passenger car will still need to defeat the ghostly presence within. By doing so, players can return safely to the arena (which will now be free of smog), allowing the fight to resume as normal.

Having survived the ordeal, mechanics from earlier in the battle will now begin to cycle with a few overlapping variations, but nothing you haven't witnessed already.
</cleaned_strategy_text>