<cleaned_strategy_text>
Chadarnook
You find yourself within in a square-shaped art gallery surrounded by mysterious paintings, one of which is haunted by a Chadarnook - a ghostly specter that harnesses power by possessing paintings that represent various elements. You'll also notice four blank canvases on the ground which, when stood on, can be interacted with using the Chocobo Brush (duty action) to prepare for upcoming attacks.

General Mechanics
You will notice four distinct paintings propped up in each corner of the arena that represents various elements - a giant rock (earth), a wall of flame (fire), an undersea scape (water), and a swirling green vortex (wind) - as well as one large portrait outside of the arena that represents The Goddess - an untargetable threat that will bombard players with auto-attacks throughout the encounter.

The battle will commence as soon as players move close to The Goddess painting, causing the Chadarnook to emerge after a brief introductory animation.

The Goddess - a possessed portrait that peppers the off-tank throughout the battle with auto-attacks.
Demonic Howl - a raidwide AoE that blasts the raid once Chadarnook emerges.
Demonic Shear - a tankbuster against Chadarnook's primary target. Be sure to mitigate the blast with cooldowns whenever possible.
Possession (Fire) - Chadarnook approaches the center of the arena and will noticeably begin to tether itself to the Fire painting. All players will need to use their Chocobo Brush (duty action) on the canvas directly in front of the tethered painting to acquire a Fire Resist buff. After a moderate delay, the Chadarnook will unleash a waft of unavoidable fire damage upon the raid, heavily (or even fatally) blasting anyone who did not acquire the resistance buff in time. After blasting the raid, Chadarnook will unleash another Demonic Howl (AoE) and Demonic Shear (tankbuster) before releasing itself from the painting.
Possession (Earth) - Chadarnook approaches the center of the arena and will noticeably begin to tether itself to the Earth painting. All players will need to use their Chocobo Brush (duty action) on the canvas directly in front of the tethered painting, granting them the ability to float over the ground in an Air Force mini-mount. After a moderate delay, the Chadarnook will unleash a seismic quake throughout the gallery, devastating any player who is still standing on the ground - as in, anyone who did not use the canvas in time.
Prey - peppers two random players with a continuous wave of small AoE circles that will follow their movements. Targeted players should keep on the move until the effect expires, as standing still will result in constant damage. After marking two targets with Prey, Chadarnook will unleash another Demonic Howl (AoE) and Demonic Shear (tank-buster) before releasing itself from the painting.
Possession (Water) - Chadarnook approaches the center of the arena and will noticeably begin to tether itself to the Water painting. After a moderate delay, a devastating tidal wave will be released from the painting itself. To avoid the upcoming tidal wave, at least one player must use their Chocobo Brush on the canvas directly in front of the painting to create a large boulder. Once the boulder has been formed, all players can stand behind it to avoid being hit by the upcoming wave. Bear in mind that all canvas effects are temporary, so if someone creates the boulder too soon, it can disappear before the tidal wave hits, resulting in high raidwide damage and debuffs, so be careful.
Possession (Wind) - Chadarnook approaches the center of the arena and will noticeably begin to tether itself to the Wind painting. After being possessed, several cyclonic orbs will appear within the arena that will eventually detonate via AoE circles after a large delay. To prevent unecessary damage, at least one player must utilize their Chocobo Brush on the canvas directly in front of the wind painting, providing themselves with a special mini-mount. Once mounted, players can use their pet-ability to blow cyclonic orbs away from the raid (which should make an effort to stack in a specific spot away from the blown orbs).
Demonic Pain - marks four random players with proximity-tethers. After a delay, all four players will take unavoidable damage depending on their proximity to Chadarnook. To reduce damage, players should move away from the boss until the tether (which is bright pink when close) turns dark purple, indicating that they are at a safe distance.
Flash Gale - creates a stack marker on a random player.
Possession (Doubles) - from here on, Chadarnook will begin to possess two paintings simultaneously (rather than each one individually), forcing the raid to use their Chocobo Brush to handle various mechanical combos, but nothing you haven't already witnessed. As a rule of thumb, all paintings are countered by utilizing the canvas directly in front of them, so players should have no trouble handling two at once. Bear in mind - players are unable to use their brush when utilizing mini-mounts (air & earth), so if you require the boulder (water) or fire resistance (fire) for a mechanical combo, make sure to do that first before using the mount mechanics.
For example, if the Chadarnook possesses the Earth painting and Fire painting simultaneously, players will first need to acquire Fire Resistance by using their brush in front of the fire painting, then use their brush near the earth painting to acquire the flying mount, allowing them to resist the fire damage and be off-ground for the upcoming earthquake.
Haunt - whilst dealing with the newfound wave of painting combinations, the Chadarnook will create an untargetable clone of itself that will persist for the remainder of the battle. While cloned, both Chadarnooks will overlap various non-painting mechanics, such as Prey, Demonic Pain, Demonic Howl, and Demonic Shear.

The fight will continue until the Chadarnook has been defeated, or the raid wipes.
</cleaned_strategy_text>