<strategy_text>
Ramuh Hard Guide

The Lord of Levin: Ramuh

Abilities
Shock Strike: Untelegraphed AoE tankbuster dealing moderate damage to the main tank and high damage to non-tanks.
Thunderspark: AoE centered on Ramuh. Standing at max melee range allows you to dodge it. Can break Chaotic Strike stun.
Thunderstorm: Random players and patches of ground will be marked with an AoE. Deals moderate damage and breaks Chaotic Strike. Ground Thunderstorms will leave behind Lightning Orbs.
Lightning Orbs: The more orbs on the ground, the higher the damage of Ramuh's abilities. Touching an orb gives a stacking buff called Electroconductivity, with 3 stacks changing into a ~60s long buff called Surge Protection, lowering damage taken and preventing/cancelling Rolling Thunder. Touching orbs when this buff is active will result in a stack of the Static Condensation debuff, reducing healing magic effectiveness.
Chaotic Strike: Targets a random player and inflicts Terror on them for ~60s, preventing them from moving or executing actions. Can be freed with Thunderstorm by either the Ground Thunderstorm or a player standing on top of them with Thunderstorm. If they were standing close to Ramuh, Thunderspark can also free them. The debuff remains even after the fight finishes.
Grey Arbiters: Three Grey Arbiter adds will appear around the arena. Players should immediately switch to them, halting DPS on the boss. They shoot lightning beams at random players, which are less obvious line AoEs that can be dodged by sidestepping. Must be killed before Judgment Bolt.
Judgment Bolt: Ramuh's Ultimate. Wipes the group if any Arbiters are alive. Deals moderate damage otherwise.
Rolling Thunder: Tethers 2 players together, inflicting Causality. Every action used inflicts damage to the player, with casts causing them to take continuous damage. One of the tethered players must touch 3 Lightning Orbs to get the Surge Protection buff and cancel the tether, allowing both players to continue.

The party should avoid the main tank to prevent being hit by Shock Strike. Note that this does not have a cast bar or AoE indicator.
Make sure to switch DPS to the Arbiters so that Ramuh isn't pushed to cast Judgment Bolt too soon.
Leave at least 3 Lightning Orbs so players can dispell Rolling Thunder.
Use Thunderstorm to free players afflicted with Chaotic Strike.
</strategy_text>