<strategy_text>
Notice: Save the Limit Break for Melee DPS to use in Phase 3

Phase 1: 100% - 80%
At 80%, Players should spread out and absorb orbs. If you alternate between the big and small orbs (big gives physical vulnerability, small gives magical vulnerability) then you won't take much damage. For each orb that hits him he will gain a stack. Small adds do not have much HP and perform a cone AoE. Stack up for heals and Sacred Soil if you have 3+ stacks. 7 stacks is instant death for non tanks.

Phase 2: 79% - 40%
He will cast Double and then cast Spark twice, one tank can Provoke while the other tank uses Shirk on the first (a tank swap) to help with this.
At 40%, he will perform the orbs again, see phase 1.

Phase 3: 39% - 20%
He will cast Triple and then cast Spark three times, again, tanks can tank swap to help with this.
After second orb phase he will teleport around and cast End of Days, a dodgeable straight line AoE, but the teleports are quite annoying. He will also randomly cast Quake 3, which does AoE damage to party for about 2500 damage on non tanks.
At 20%, he will perform Meteor Floor will turn red and give you a Bleed. You can run to the edge and keep running while you are sucked in, after the Bleed hits 0 you are instantly sucked in.
After you are sucked in, you are sent to a new room.
Any buffs/debuffs that were affecting you before you were sucked into the vortex will have their duration multiplied by 10. To make the next segment easier, all DPS should use all damage buffs, and Tanks should use defensive buffs and Sprint right before entering the portal. Any regen effects should be cast on the two tanks as well.
Meteors fall continuously. If a meteor doesn't land on a player, it deals high damage to the entire party, so one tank should take each meteor. Only tanks should try to get hit by meteors. Only one tank needs to be in any particular meteor's landing circle to prevent the splash damage. If non-tanks soak a meteor, they will likely die.
One healer may wish to stay close to the center so they can DPS the tear, and heal the tanks taking the meteors.
All DPS should group up just outside the first meteor. Once it lands a tear will appear on its location that must be killed to end the phase. DPS should immediately focus this tear, using a Limit Break if available. There is a visual tell in the middle of the room, an extremely large meteor that slowly falls and will wipe the party if it manages to hit the ground before the tear is destroyed. Meteors will continue to fall and tanks should continue to run to the next empty meteor zone. Sprint for tanks should be held until after the first few meteors land. If there is difficulty overcoming this phase, DPS and tanks should be instructed before engaging that the limit-break should be held specifically for this phase.
As long as all DPS is on the tear immediately after it spawns and Tanks focus on meteor interception this phase should go by relatively quickly and end upon the tear being destroyed.

Phase 4: 19% - 0%
Tank and Spank, in this phase he simply recycles mechanics from Phase 2.
</strategy_text>