<cleaned_strategy_text>
Notes
Despite the claims of NPCs, there really aren't that many traps in the dungeon per se - most of the danger comes from mobs. That said, there are a few stone pistons on the upper pathways that you'll want to avoid. They have clearly marked AoEs though, so they're very easy to dodge.

Only other thing you really need to watch out for are the giant blobs of moss in the early phases (tripping over these inflicts Slow/Heavy for a few seconds), and the Spirit Flames in the latter stage. The Spirit Flames are non-targetable enemies and work much like the Bombfish in Shisui of the Violet Tides, except they home in on a player first.

Bosses
Coeurl Sruti
Coeurl Sruti is a straight forward Boss. His attack are based on claws and jumping without a marker, though he will also use an AoE around him called Radial Blaster; if you get hit by it, you gain stacks of "Magical Damage received up". Also uses the Blue Magespell Basic Instinct.

At around 77% he will summon his minion Coeurl Smriti who will claw and jump around like Coeurl Sruti. Instead of Radial Blaster, he uses Windblaster in a cone of aprox 150° in front of him.

Smriti has health comparable to Sruti, so you should treat this like the Giruveganaus fight in The Stone Vigil (Hard); focus on the wounded Sruti and finish him off, then engage Smriti.

Around every 20% Coeurl Sruti will cast Electric Blaster, which places purple markers on players. After a short time, there will be an AoE Thunder hit on the marker that applies "Physical Damage received up".

Arbuda
Arbuda is a massive, four-armed, sword-wielding statue with powerful attacks, and is best tanked at one end of the arena. Non-tank players should stand at approximately 45 degrees off any of Arbuda's cardinal directions; if you consider his front heading to be 0 degrees, you want to be at 45, 135, 225. or 315. This ensures you'll have plenty of time to reposition to avoid two of Arbuda's main attacks.

Port and Star: Massive unmarked cone AoE to Arbuda's left and right sides. Inflicts considerable damage and knockback. Stand in front or behind him.
Fore and Aft: Massive unmarked cone AoE to Arbuda's front and back sides. Inflicts considerable damage and knockback. Stand to either side of him.
Fourfold Shear: is a slice on the tank, even if you move Arbuda follows you so buff up and get healed.
Hellseal: Works identically to the Liquid Flame's 'Seal of Night and Day' from Great Gubal Library (Hard). Simply move to the corresponding glowing symbol to dodge the attack. The timing is fairly tight, but the damage tick doesn't apply the instant the cast ends, so you have a little wiggle room.
Tapas: Places invisible markers on every and chases them with AoE bursts.
Killer Instinct: Arbuda assumes a defensive stance, similiar to Ravana. 1 side will be open to attack; attacking any other side will cause him to parry the attack back at you - even spells can be deflected. Whilst this is active, he is also capable of parrying area-effect Limit Breaks.

Ivon Coeurlfist
A powerful ancient monk in search of worthy challengers, Ivon is a formidable challenge even for veteran adventurers.

Spirit Wave: Drop a whirlwind with an AoE Windzone on one random player, typically Ranged DPS or the Healer. Just move out of it. Doesn't last very long.
Hurricane Kick: A short-ranged 270° roundhouse kick AoE, front-facing, leaving a 90° safe-spot for melee. Inflicts Stun for a short time if it hits you.
Touch of Slaughter: Marks one player at random and knocks them down to 1 HP, typically either the Tank or one of the DPS. Rarely directly fatal by itself, but healers should heal the victim up immediately.
Rhalgr's Piece: places a mine that causes AoE damage if triggered, best move away to the outer edge of the platform.
The Rose of Destruction: Will mark one player with a large orange crosshair marker, requiring the party to stack to split damage.
Furious Fist: Ivon begins powering up for a super attack, filling the room with glowing chakra orbs that are tethered to him. Collecting the orbs reduces the strength of this attack and will grant you a short-lived stacking Damage Up buff. Once the cast completes, Ivon will float over the center of the arena and punch down around 4-5 times, followed by a finishing Impact strike that does significantly more damage. If all orbs are collected, the first barrage will be around 1,500 damage for each hit, and the final hit will be around 12,000 damage.
Silent Roar: will mark one player and casts a tidalwave towards that player. Getting hit by the wave will knock you back with a chance to fall off

Ivon will also periodically summon glowing white heads that travel across the room, similar to the walls of mummies in The Sunken Temple of Qarn (Hard). These aren't too hard to avoid as they are fairly slow-moving. Later on he'll summon two waves at once, crossing the arena perpendicular to each other.
</cleaned_strategy_text>
