<strategy_text>
Lord of the Revel: Susano
Updated Shadowbringers Guide
The Pool of Tribute - Lv.63 Trial Guide
Many of the mechanics during this fight are simplified by having the Main Tank hold Susano in place while the rest of the party stacks behind him. Susano calls some of his attacks with a set phrase.

Phase 1
Assail- Untelegraphed tankbuster with no cast bar that deals moderate damage
Rasen Kaikyo- Places a circular AoE under each party member. Being hit will inflict a stack of Lightning Resistance Down.
Yata No Kagami- "The seas part for we alone!" - A player will be marked (Red). After a short time, they will be damaged and knocked back. The path of their knockback will determine the safe area of the platform-wide AoE that follows. This AoE applies Lightning Resistance Down.
Brightstorm- Immediately following Yata No Kagami, a stack marker will appear on the previously marked party member. Stack to share damage.
Dark Cloud- Susano will periodically spawn Dark Clouds. These clouds will each cast a wide line AoE (The Parting Clouds) that inflict Paralysis.
At around 65%, Susano will start Phase 2

Phase 2
"How our hearts sing in  the chaos!"
At the beginning of Phase 2, a flower-shaped crystal will appear on the platform. A Tank should pick this up as the player who picks it up will be the one receiving continuous damage from Susano during this phase.
Clashing- The player that picked up the flower-shaped crystal will be locked in a clash with Susano, receiving a damage-over-time Flesh Wound debuff for as long as Ame-no-Murakumo is alive.
Ame-no-Murakumo- While clashing, Susano will begin casting this ability. Successful casting, of if the Clashing player dies, will cause a wipe. The party should focus damage on the sword to interrupt this cast.
Sheer Force- During the clash, orbs will spawn on the perimeter of the platform. The off-tank should run into these orbs before they get to the party, as they do splash damage.
This ends in unavoidable damage (a wipe if Ame-no-Murakumo is not destroyed), marked by a large, red line AoE across the platform. Anyone standing in the red line will die.

Phase 3
All abilities from Phase 1 are present during this phase.
Stormsplitter- Line AoE Tankbuster. Pop mitigation cooldowns.
Ama-no-iwato- "Earth and stone at our beck and call!" - Susano will trap a player in a chained stone, giving them the Fetters debuff. Two "dummy stones" will also spawn. The stone containing the player will be marked and then the stones will be shuffled. Only the stone containing a player needs to be destroyed. If the stone finishes casting 'The Sealed Gate', the trapped player will die.
The correct stone is always the bottom-most target in the enemy list.
Ukehi- Moderate party-wide damage that can hit 1 or 2 times.
</strategy_text>