<cleaned_strategy_text>
Bosses

Cetus
Electric Swipe: A narrow cone from Cetus's rear that deals moderate damage and inflicts a weak Electrocution damage over time debuff for 25 seconds.
Body Slam: A circle AoE targeted below a random player. Cetus leaps and slams down onto the area indicated.
Immersion: Unavoidable party-wide damage combined with watery orbs that appear over several random players. After a few seconds, these orbs will drop onto the floor, dealing moderate damage and leaving small water puddles that inflict Dropsy.
Symbiosis: Cetus summons three Hybodus adds and becomes untargetable. When all of the Hybodus are dead, Cetus will become targetable and use Body Slam.
Hydrobomb: While the Hybodus are still alive, Cetus will mark a random player with a green crosshair and begin slowly chasing them, dropping circle AoEs behind itself as it travels. The hydrobombs deal minor damage and knocks back players hit from the point of impact.
Electric Whorl: A ring AoE that leaves only Cetus's hitbox safe. Deals moderate damage and inflicts Electrocution.
Expulsion: A circle AoE centered on Cetus. Deals moderate damage, strong knockback, and inflicts Windburn.
Hydrocore: Cetus stuns the entire alliance and becomes untargetable, then pulls one party into the center of the arena while pushing the other two parties to the edge. A barrier will form in the center of the arena, separating the parties. A Hydrocore add will spawn inside the barrier, while four Hydrosphere adds will appear on the outside and tether to the core. The Hydrospheres grant a stack of Vulnerability Down to the Hydrocore while they're alive. While the Hydrocore is alive it will periodically cast Water on its primary target, dealing moderate damage. Once the Hydrocore is destroyed, Cetus will once again become targetable and use Body Slam.

Forward Port Ventilator
Each group will take one of the buttons, and attack the adds on either side. Prioritize the Pagan's Knots first, and clear other adds as you can. If the Knots take too long to die, they will put poison in the air. You can clear this standing on the buttons. Do not stand on the buttons when there is static or you will die.

Irminsul and Sawtooth
Life Tether: Irminsul and Sawtooth are permanently tethered to each other. When the HP difference between the two grows too large, Sawtooth will drain health from or transfer health to Irminsul, equalizing their HP totals.
Resistances: As the battle starts, both Irminsul and Sawtooth will each gain one of either Ranged Resistance or Magic Resistance buffs, rendering that boss invincible to attack from Physical Ranged DPS jobs, or Caster and Healer jobs, respectively. Which boss receives each resistance is random.
White Breath: A wide cone from Sawtooth's front, dealing moderate damage.
Mucus Bomb: Three random players are marked with large green-yellow circle AoEs. After a short delay, balls of mucus splatter over the targeted players and anyone inside the AoEs, dealing minor damage, tethering affected players to up to two other affected players, and inflicting them with Seized for 20 seconds, rendering them unable to move or perform actions. Players who are not seized can walk through the mucus tethers to break them, and once a player is no longer tethered to anyone else, the Seized debuff is dispelled.
Mucus Spray: A small untelegraphed ring attack around Sawtooth with the same effects as Mucus Bomb.
Shockwave Stomp: Irminsul becomes shielded and Invincible to all damage, while Sawtooth slowly charges the attack. At the end of the cast, Sawtooth slams the ground, dealing 30,000 damage to all players not hiding behind Irminsul.
Sawtooth Feeds: Several very weak Ark Ked adds will appear. After a few moments, Sawtooth will bury its heads into the ground and cause large circular rumbling dirt AoEs to appear below the Keds (or random players if the Keds are dead). Any players hit are Devoured, removing them from the fight temporarily. A few moments later, the devoured players are regurgitated with a Parasite plant attached to their head for 15 seconds, and are forced to walk toward allies and attack them with short range cone AoEs. Other players hit by these attacks are in turn also infested with a Parasite.
Pulse of the Void: A circle AoE centered on Irminsul that it uses periodically. Players hit are dealt minor damage and inflicted with Poison. This is Irminsul's only method of direct attack.

Cuchulainn
All players are immediately given 1 stack of an indefinite Bleeding debuff that cannot be removed by any means.
Corrosive Bile: An untelegraphed cone attack from Cuchulainn's front. The attack lingers, dealing damage every second and inflicting a stack of Poison with every hit.
Flailing Tentacles: Cuchulainn lifts the four tentacles at the bottom of his body, then slams them down as line attacks in the diagonal directions from where he's facing. Deals moderate damage and inflicts a curable Concussion damage over time debuff.
Idol of Impurity: Four Gyrtower adds appear in the arena. The towers each inflict an additional stack of Bleeding until they are destroyed.
Void Pact: Void portals will appear over the raised platforms in the arena, eventually spawning Foobar adds. Cuchulainn gains Physical Stoneskin and Magical Stoneskin buffs, nullifying a certain amount of damage taken from physical or magical attacks, respectively. Each portal will spawn Foobars twice before they disappear.
Beckon: A cone attack directed at one of the Foobar adds. Any player or Foobar in the cone is pulled directly in front of Cuchulainn.
Devour: Used immediately after Beckon if there are any Foobars in melee range. Cuchulainn devours the Foobar add, instantly killing it and boosting his next attack.
Bile Below: Arena-wide instant-kill attack immediately after the second wave of Foobars. To avoid it, stand on the raised platforms.
Pestilence: Cuchulainn sprays vomit all over the arena, dealing damage, which can be lessened by standing on the raised platforms. If Cuchulainn had eaten at least one Foobars, this attack deals extremely high damage, almost guaranteeing that players not standing on the platforms will die.
Black Lung: All players are given another stack of the indefinite Bleeding debuff, and eight Black Phlegm orbs will appear around the arena. These orbs must be touched to "defuse" them, dealing moderate damage to players near them, destroying the orbs in the process. If orbs are left alone for too long, they will explode with Grand Corruption, dealing moderate damage to all players and inflicting Bind and Out of the Action for 9 seconds, and one stack of Magic Vulnerability Up for 60 seconds.

Echidna
Sickle Strike: Tank buster.
Sickle Slash: Two rectangular AoEs to Echidna's left and right, leaving a safe area directly down the center. Inflicts moderate damage.
Demonic Descent: Echidna leaves the arena and performs one of two attacks: A stack marker on a random player, or several large circle AoEs randomly placed around the arena.
Nemesis Burst: Instant circular cleave with knockback.
Abyssal Reaper: Circular cleave with knockback. Inflicts a Vulnerability Up stack. Has a castbar but no AoE indicator.
Petrifaction: Gaze attack that inflicts Petrification and a Vulnerability Up stack.
Add Phase: Echidna separates into three targets: Echidna, Sinister, and Dexter. Each party's tank must grab one of them and bring them apart from each other, as they will tether together and gain stacks of Vulnerability Down based on their proximity to the other adds.
Serpentine Strike: Used by Dexter and Sinister. Inflicts light damage to players in a small radius around them and inflicts Magic Vulnerability Up.
Gehenna: After all of the adds are defeated, Echidna will reform and deal moderate damage to the entire alliance.
Bloodguards: Echidna occasionally summons a pair of Bloodguard minions.
</cleaned_strategy_text>