<strategy_text>
Duty Support
Scion Marauder
Scion Conjurer
Scion Thaumaturge
Scion Lancer

Objectives
Secure the barbican: 0/1
Retake the right brattice: 0/1
Defeat Isgebind: 0/1

Bosses
The Stone Vigil Video Guide

Chudo-Yudo
Chudo-Yudo is the first boss of the dungeon. He has powerful frontal breath attacks that all players besides the tank should avoid. One strategy is to only have the tank stand in front of Chudo-Yudo, rest of the party members stand behind the dragon at all times. By staying out of his breath attacks, the fight should be fairly easy.
All non-tanks stand behind the dragon at all times.

Abilities
Rake is an instant melee attack that deals a small amount of damage.
Lion's Breath is a casted breath attack that deals a moderate amount of damage and inflicts Burns on all targets hit.
Swinge is a frontal AoE cone attack that deals a moderate amount of damage and inflicts the debuffs Silence and Pacification for 5 seconds on all targets hit.

Koshchei
Koshchei is the 2nd dragon boss of The Stone Vigil. This fight was updated in patch 6.1, modifying the arena shape and appearance as well as making mechanics more consistent with the conventions that have developed in the game since this dungeon's initial release. Typhoon is the main mechanic of this fight; it requires players to reposition into safe zones to avoid tornadoes that move in straight lines down the length of the arena dealing moderate damage to any players caught in their path. They move fairly slowly and staying out of their way is fairly simple.
Returning players should be aware that the updates to this fight are extensive and mostly have the effect of vastly simplifying the battle.

Abilities
Spiked Tail is this boss's tankbuster. All other party members should steer clear of the tank.
Sonic Storm is a circular AoE targeted on a random party member. Dodge out of the AoE indicator.
Typhoon spawns three whirlwinds at the back of the arena the first time it is cast and four thereafter. For the first cast, simply move to the empty lane to avoid the whirlwinds. In the second cast and all following it, when two whirlwinds begin to move players should stand in front of one that is still stationary. Once the first two have gone past, dodge behind them into the safe space created to avoid the second pair. Which two move first is random, so keep an eye on them when they spawn to determine how to react.

Isgebind
Isgebind is the final boss of The Stone Vigil. The fight was also revamped for patch 6.1, though not as extensively as the battle with Koshchei. This icy dragon has powerful breath attacks along with massive AoE capabilities. Non-tank party members should stay away from the front of the dragon to avoid its breath attacks.
Throughout the fight, Isgebind will take flight and a strip about a third of the room in width will glow with a icy blue light. After a few seconds Isegebind will fly over the area and use its frost breath. Players caught in the area will take damage and the debuff Frostbite for moderate damage over time. Squishier players (e.g. healers and ranged DPS) can be killed instantly by this, so be careful. Stand near the middle and be prepared to run toward one side. However, when Isegebind returns to the arena, players should move out of the center to avoid being squished by its Touchdown attack.
Be sure to avoid glowy blue areas when they appear.
One major change that returning players should be aware of is that the AoE from Sheets of Ice no longer persists as it did pre-6.1. Parties can be a bit more mobile than they once were as the space available for dodging Cauterize will no longer be affected by Sheets of Ice placement.

Abilities
Rime Wreath is an ice ability that damages all players for moderate amount of damage.
Frost Breath is a frontal cone AoE attack that deals heavy damage to all targets hit.
Sheet of Ice is circular AoE that targets a random player. It deals a moderate amount of damage and inflicts the debuff Frostbite. The AoE can be avoided if the affected player moves quickly.
Cauterize is an ability that turns about a third of the room an icy blue color. After a few seconds, Isgebind flies over the area and deals damage and inflicts the debuff Frostbite to all targets in area. After the third Cauterize attack, Sheet of Ice AoEs will target all players two times in a row before Isgebind returns. With the 6.1 update, positioning during this double attack is not as important as it once was, but the party should be sure to avoid stacking. Dodge out of these circular AoEs as before.
Touchdown is used after Cauterize. Isgebind crashes to the ground in the center of the arena, dealing small amount of damage to all players nearby.
</strategy_text>