<strategy_text>
Lord of the Revel: Susano
Pretty much all of the attacks you've seen in the Normal version will be present here as well, with the addition of some new ones. Susano will announce any of his bigger moves, so pay attention to what he says. The first time he uses a mechanic/move, he will drop a line in chat to give you an idea of what telegraphed line triggers which move, but after that, you're on your own.

Phase 1
Rasen Kaikyo- Places a circular AoE under four random party members.
Churning- "Rise, rise to the occasion!" This move is indicated by waterbubbles floating around the arena. Susano will place a debuff called Churning on four random party members that lasts ten seconds. If ANY actions, including movement and Auto-Attacks, are executed while the debuff runs out, you will receive massive damage and a stack of Vulnerability Up. Don't do ANYTHING when the countdown-square over your head starts appearing in the last three seconds of its duration and you should be good.
Yata No Kagami- "The seas part for we alone!" - A player will be marked with a red marker. After a short time, they will be damaged and knocked back. The path of their knockback will determine the safe area of the platform-wide AoE that follows. This AoE applies Lightning Resistance Down.
Brightstorm- Often following Yata No Kagami, a stack marker will appear on the previously marked party member. Stack to share damage.
Dark Cloud- Susano will periodically spawn Dark Clouds. These clouds will cast a wide line Lightning-AoE that inflicts Paralysis.
At around 76%, Susano will start Phase 2

Phase 2
"How our hearts sing in the chaos!"
Just like in Normal, Susano will attack two times with Ame-No-Murakumo, which needs to be burned down by the party as fast as possible. DD's should save some CD's for this. One tank has to block the Blade by activating the Blade's Shadow to trigger an ATE in which you need to spam-click the button, while the other tank runs around the platform to soak the four orbs that will spawn. The first orb always spawns NE in the bossroom and subsequent orbs spawn clockwise from there. These orbs explode upon touching a player and will deal considerate splash damage, so stack in the middle to avoid getting clipped by them when the tank runs through them. As such, it is recommended for tanks to activate sprint to minimize the danger of orbs getting too close to the middle of the arena where partymembers can get hit. A successful block of the sword will give the blocking tank Slashing Resistance Down II. As such, tanks need to switch their blocking and orb soaking roles after the first block.
This ends in heavy, unavoidable damage (a wipe if Ame-no-Murakumo is not destroyed in time), marked by a large, red line AoE across the platform.

Phase 3
This is the main part of the fight and lasts until 0%. The arena is split in a West and East half, indicated by a black and red line where the Blade came crashing down. Standing in this line will inflict a debuff called Sinking, which will kill you after a few seconds if you stay in there. Only cross it when the mechanics of Levinbolt call for it. Try to tank Susano relatively close to it so you can switch sides quickly when necessary. Susano will spawn on the West side of the platform after Ame-No-Murakumo, so postion yourself accordingly after getting hit by it. The fight can get pretty hectic later on as he can combine some of his moves (for example Churning and Brightstorm), but as long as you pay attention and don't panic, you can easily avoid any wipe-inducing situations.

All abilities from Phase 1 are present during this phase.

Stormsplitter- Tank Buster that causes Slashing Resistance Down II. OT should Provoke during this cast to prevent the MT from dying afterwards. Basically the tank-switch mechanic of this fight. Mitigate as necessary. Stay away from the targeted tank when this goes off, as it can hit multiple people. Run in to replace the MT after the animation is done.

Levinbolt- A random player will be marked with a purple marker above their head. After a short time, the marked player will be hit by Levinbolt, which deals around 18K damage to the person and everyone on the same side of the arena. This move comes in two varieties. If Susano says "Hark you to the tumultuous heavens!", the marked player has to run across the cleft in the middle of the arena and drop Levinbolt on the other side of the arena. If done correctly, only the marked player will get hit. If Susano says "Now cometh our part! Make way!", the marked player will get stunned and everyone else has to move to the other side of the arena. This move will be used 4-5 times in succession and can be placed on ANYONE, so pay attention and react accordingly. The markers are distuingishable by eye as well, as the stun variety has a long, purple line going into sky.

Ama-no-iwato- "Earth and stone at our beck and call!" - Susano will trap a player in a chained stone. Three "dummy stones" will also spawn. The stone containing the player will be marked and then the stones will be shuffled. Only the stone containing the player needs to be destroyed. If the stone finishes casting 'The Sealed Gate', the player is killed instantly.

Ukehi- Moderate party-wide damage that can hit 2 or 3 times.

The enrage is an instant cast of Ukhei several seconds after the boss says "Now cometh our part! Make way!"
</strategy_text>