<strategy_text>
Objectives
Breach the Lock.
Defeat the morbol bed keeper.
Clear the Coincounter's Chest.
Defeat the morbol bed keepers.

The first room of enemies can be problematic for inexperienced parties. There are several patrolling enemies that can quickly overwhelm the party if too many are engaged. The Nether Nixes in particular will use Sticky Tongue to yank the first person it sees to its location, aggroing many enemies along the way. The party should "hug" the left wall and fight as few enemies as possible until they reach the first boss room.

Locksmith
Locksmith is the first boss of The Aurum Vale - this gigantic Ochu has several high damage mechanics that will test the capabilities of the parties' healers.

Morbol Fruit will grow along the sides of the arena. Locksmith will cast a Gold Lung debuff on the party that cannot be cleansed by Esuna. To remove the debuff, players will need to click on the Morbol Fruit to interact with the item and remove the debuff. Players should avoid having more than 2 stacks of Gold Lung, as it will increase damage taken.

After interacting with a fruit, it will disappear. The Morbol Fruits respawn over time.

Abilities
Hundred Lashings is a melee attack that deals moderate to high amount of damage.
Gold Rush is an instant ability that places a damage over time debuff named Gold Lung on all players. This effect stacks. The debuff can be removed by consuming a Morbol Fruit.
Gold Dust is a circular AoE spell that appears under a random player. It deals moderate damage to all players hit.

Tank Mechanics
In order to click on the Morbol Fruit to remove the debuff stacks, tanks may have to stun Locksmith to avoid being interrupted.

Coincounter
Coincounter is a giant cyclops that has powerful front AoE attacks, swipe cleave abilities, and a room-wide AoE lightning mechanic.

As of Patch 5.3 orange ground indicators have been added to all of the boss' AoEs. However, there are later occurrences of this same type of boss that remain un-telegraphed, so learning the visual tells is still useful and encouraged.

All non-tank players should stay away from the front of the boss at all times- Coincounter has 2 types of 100-Tonze Swipe cleaves:
The first type can be identified when he holds his mace with only 1 of his hands. This is a frontal cone AoE attack.
The second type can be identified when he holds his mace with 2 of his hands. This is a circular AoE attack that does an enormous amount of damage to all targets around him.

100-Tonze swipe attack can be stunned or interrupted.

At about half HP, Coincounter will start using Eye of the Beholder, a long range, frontal cone, AoE spell. Ranged damage dealers and healers should spread apart and avoid his Glower and Eye of the Beholder abilities if possible.

Abilities
10-Tonze Swipe is an instant frontal AoE attack that does moderate amount of damage.
100-Tonze Swipe (1 Hand) is a frontal cone AoE attack that does a large amount of damage to all targets hit.
100-Tonze Swing (2 Hand) is a circular AoE attack that does extremely large amount of damage to all targets close to the Cyclops.
Glower is a laser fired from the eye of Coincounter onto a random player. The player will take moderate amount of damage and become inflicted with the debuff Paralysis.
Eye of the Beholder is a partial donut AoE spell that deals a moderate amount of damage and inflicts a DoT named Electrocution. Coincounter will face a random player and use the emote "The Coincounter takes a moment to reconsider..." before using this spell. This C-shaped attack has safe spots behind the boss and close in.
100-Tonze Swipe, 100-Tonze Swing and Eye of the Beholder can be interrupted with stuns.

Miser's Mistress
Miser's Mistress is the final boss of The Aurum Vale. This Morbol boss has powerful frontal AoE attacks and should be faced away from all non-tank players. The debuffs from Bad Breath could be deadly.

Similar to Locksmith, there are objects named Morbol Fruit around the boss room. Players can consume the fruit to remove all the stacks of the debuff Burrs, which deals increasing damage over time with each additional stack. Players should consume the fruit at 2-3 Burrs stacks, and will typically need to alternate between two separate fruits to achieve this (there are 8 total fruit spawns in the room). Note that the fruits can also remove the debuffs from Bad Breath, so if a player gets hit by this attack, they should quickly use a fruit to avoid the debilitating and possibly deadly effects of the slew of debuffs it inflicts.

Adds
At half HP, Miser's Mistress will spawn 5 strange Morbol Fruits that must be destroyed immediately. Use a physical ranged or caster limit break if needed. Any fruits that hatch will turn into Morbol Seedlings that will add Burr debuff stacks with every attack. If any seedlings hatch, this could easily wipe the group.

Abilities
Bad Breath is a frontal cone AoE spell that inflicts the debuffs Paralysis, Silence, Poison, Blind, Slow, Heavy, and HP Penalty to all targets hit.

If the healer gets hit by Bad Breath, it can very quickly lead to a wipe. Healers and ranged DPS should stay far away from the boss. Esuna can be used to remove the Bad Breath debuffs, but this will only remove one status effect at a time, and if the healer is the one that was hit, the Silence effect will prevent using Esuna anyway. Players should use the Morbol Fruit to remove all the effects at once if they are hit with Bad Breath.

Vine Probe is a frontal column AoE attack that deals a moderate amount of damage to all targets hit.

Hooked Burrs is an ability that deals a small amount of damage and adds one stack of Burrs on a random player.

Burr Burrow is an ability that inflicts the player with the debuff Burrs and deals small amount of damage per stack of Burrs already on the player. If a player has enough Burr stacks, this can do a considerable amount of damage. Use the Morbol Fruit that grow on the outside of the arena to cleanse the debuff stacks, as it cannot be cleansed with Esuna.
</strategy_text>