<cleaned_strategy_text>
The Second Coil of Bahamut - Turn 3 (Savage) is a level 50 raid. The raid is also known as T8S.

Objectives: Open the frontal bulkhead.

The Avatar
This fight is similar to the Normal mode version, however the boss hits harder, almost none of the attacks are telegraphed with a cast bar, and towers spawn from the beginning of the fight. The boss will remain in the center of the arena and cycle through attacks, adding a new one each phase. It will attack physically while the main target is close enough, however if the target moves out of range, the boss will begin firing missiles instead.

Throughout the fight the boss will summon sets of towers. The towers will appear in sets but will be randomly placed and random towers will appear, with the exception of the first two waves.

Towers:
The first wave of towers will spawn after roughly 15 seconds and take about a minute to fully finish charging and disappear. Once they disappear, the next wave will spawn 5-20 seconds later, depending on the wave. The towers have 5 charges, and each charge takes roughly 15 seconds per charge. The towers spawn in the cardinal directions of the arena and each have a different effect when they complete charging:

Tower 1: A square light will pulse in front of the tower. When this tower finishes charging, it will spawn a Clockwork Dreadnaught ad that needs to be kept away from the boss, or it will tether and receive a powerful Vulnerability Down and Damage Up buff, rendering nigh indestructible.

Tower 2: The tower will have 3 orbs slowly rotating in front of it. When this tower finishes charging, 4 mines will be dropped on the arena and quickly turn invisible. These mines will eventually explode after about 30 seconds if they are left alone. The tanks will have to handle these quickly, taking care of two each.

Tower 3: A cross-shape will slowly rotate in front of this tower. When it finishes charging, it will send a pulse of medium damage across the full raid.

Tower 4: This tower will have a triangle light pulsing in front. When it finishes charging, it will send a pulse of damage out to the raid, as well as debuffing the party with HP Penalty, lowering the maximum HP of the party until it resolves.

The towers will spawn with their charges synced. If left alone, the towers will buff the boss with stacks of Vulnerability Down and Damage Up. If the towers stay synced for 5 charges, the boss will immediately enrage and begin spamming Atomic Ray, dealing ~20000 to the entire raid. The towers will spawn in random configurations and in random positions each time, with the exception of the first two waves: in the first two waves, towers 1 and 2 will spawn, with tower 3 in the second configuration.

Phase 1
Diffusion Ray: A frontal cone attack that inflicts the Bleed damage-over-time debuff on anyone it hits.
Homing Missile: A random player is tethered to the boss. After a brief time, the boss will fire a missile at the player. The tether can be broken by moving away to a corner of the room or can be picked up and soaked by the tanks.
Gaseous Bomb: A random player will be marked by a beam of light, and all players need to stack with that player to mitigate incoming damage.
Life Force Drain: Deals moderate damage. Players who have stepped into the glowing zone in front of the towers and have the debuff Languishing will take increased damage from this attack based on their stack.
Ballistic Missile: Two random players will be stunned and surrounded by either a large or small circle. Soon after a missile will drop on those players. If they don't have the correct number of players in the circles, the player will die. The large circles require three total people, and the small circles require two.

This phase is very basic, showing the mechanics of the boss and how to handle different attacks and deal with the towers, with the boss throwing out attacks periodically. For the first phase, have the off-tank soak one of the towers, either is fine. Once tower 1 has finished charging, the Clockwork Dreadnaught will spawn. It has a frontal cleave attack so everyone other than the tank holding it should stand behind it. Pull the ad away and burn it down quickly. Once the second tower is finished charging, the mines will spawn, followed by the text on the screen "Landmines have been scattered..." The tanks should each soak two of these. The mines will explode in a small AoE and knock back the player who touches them. The boss will cast Ballistic Missile soon after both towers are finished charging, followed by Diffusion Ray. the next set of towers will spawn after this.

Phase 2
Towers 1, 2 and 3 will spawn and the boss will begin using Allagan Field.
Allagan Field: Two random DPS players will be inflicted with this debuff that will explode and deal damage to the raid based on how much damage the player has taken. To help mitigate this, players should shield these players. The debuff lasts 30 seconds.

The phase will repeat as before, players need to stagger the towers, soaking two towers this time. The tank will still have a Languishing debuff, so the two healers should soak the towers this time. It is important to note that the tower will discharge in a slightly wider area than the glowing half circle, so if players stand too close, they will also be debuffed with Languishing. If a player receives three stacks of this debuff, they will die instantly.

To handle this phase, soak the towers in whichever order players decide. Have an off tank ready to handle the Dreadnaught, and the players inflicted with Allagan Field should move away from the boss to avoid as much damage as possible. The boss will use Ballistic Missile more frequently from here on out.

Phase 3-4
These phases will be similar to each other, the only difference being the types of towers that spawn. From here on out, tower 4 can spawn, which will debuff players with HP Penalty, reducing HP until its duration. In phase 3 and 4, the DPS will soak these towers. From here it is simply handling the boss's mechanics and handling a Dreadnaught if one spawns. The boss will become more aggressive with its attacks.

Phase 5-6
From here, all four towers will spawn. This will require players to handle all mechanics of the towers, and the boss will become increasingly more aggressive, using multiple Allagan Fields and Ballistic Missile and using its other attacks more frequently.

After the 6th set of towers, the boss will enrage and begin spam casting Atomic Ray. This enrage comes around roughly 8 to 9 minutes, and the boss must be defeated before it wipes the entire party.
</cleaned_strategy_text>