<strategy_text>
Gorynich fight is similar to the first boss fight in the normal Stone Vigil. He moves around and uses Swinge. Use Sprint to stay behind him to not get hit. When he spawns adds, the adds will automatically attack the healer. DPS should kill the adds ASAP. Please note that these adds will perform an AoE on death (one is a large conal in front and the other is a large circle around them). If the boss is in range of these AoE's, it will gain Haste and Damage Up. Try to tank the boss in a corner and place your healer away from him.

For this Cuca Fera, the players will operate 4 cannons in the 4 corners to the room to attack the boss. These cannons have two abilities. First ability is a normal damaging shot with low cooldown. The second ability is a shot that stuns the boss but has long cooldown. Use the normal shots to damage the boss but Do NOT fire at it when it uses Diamondback to 'turtle.' You can notice it's turtling when its shell glows red. While turtled, your shots will bounce back, hurting you instead of the boss. Designate two people to be "stunners". The Boss has a group wide AoE called Hard Stomp. Use the second ability of the cannon to interrupt its casting. Two people rotating the stuns should be enough to let CD's recharge. The boss has an attack where it sets itself on fire and charges a cannon. Very easy to avoid if you're paying attention. When adds spawn, players should kill them with their cannons. Because cannons cannot fire at targets nearby, party members should help each other to clean up the adds. Do not allow all of the NPCs die. If they do, the boss will do an unstunnable Hard Stomp that instantly wipes the party.

When running the dungeon with Unrestricted Party enabled, Cuca Fera's damage reduction will make it extremely tedious for players to defeat the boss solo, even at significantly higher levels; However, Machinist's Wildfire appears to bypass Cuca Fera's damage reduction (accurate as of Patch 6.4), allowing players to quickly dispatch the boss.

Giruveganaus is a fairly straightforward, if annoying, fight. The boss follows a random attack pattern, ignoring all hate generation. All players must keep an eye out for one of Giruvenganaus' many tells in order to anticipate and dodge attacks. All of the boss's attacks not only hit for moderate to high damage, but also bestow a debuff on anyone hit called Infirmity, which reduces healing from magical sources. Phase 1 consists of 3 attacks. His first, a burning shoulder tackle, is telegraphed by the boss lowering his shoulder. After about a second, he will charge forward damaging all in his path. His next attack is a tail swipe, a rear cone attack preceded by the boss pausing and raising his tail. The final attack of this phase is a frontal cleave attack, in which the boss stops and rears up on his hind legs and swings at anyone in front of him. It is highly recommended to stay to the flank of the boss, as this puts you in a "safe zone" between the range of his frontal cleave and tail swipe. At approx 60% health, phase 2 will begin. At the start of phase 2, Giruvenganaus will summon a clone of himself with all the same attacks and stats as the original at full health. He will also gain a new attack which is shared with his clone, where he will turn to face a random player and launch a fireball, which will damage the target and anyone in a close proximity. The tell for this is a small flame that will appear in the boss's mouth as it turns to its target. In this phase it is best to ignore the clone in favor of bursting down the original boss, dodging attacks when necessary. Once the original is dead, focus attacking the clone, who should follow soon afterward.
</strategy_text>