<strategy_text>
Eternal Darkness: Zodiark

Trial Guide by Tom Scott Does Stuff

Players can fall off the arena. The boss is confined to a single side of the arena.

Phase 1
Kokytos: At the start of the fight, Zodiark reduces everyone's HP to 1.
Exoterikos: Zodiark shoots a beam at the side of the arena, where a triangle or square will soon appear. The beams and spawning animations are color-coded. The triangle is a purple beam with a blue and purple rune at the target location, while the square is a red/pink beam and rune.
Triangle rune creates a wide cone AoE will fire reaching across the arena, covering the area between the marker itself and the two corners of the arena on the opposite side.
Square rune simply hits the half of the arena it's adjacent to.
Ania: Tankbuster. Moderate damage.
Styx: Extremely high damage stack marker, hitting multiple times in a row. Mitigation and healing is required to survive.
Paradeigma: Summons one of two mechanics: either behemoths or snakes.
Behemoths: Spawn in pairs, each creating an AoE circle that covers a quadrant of the arena, leaving the other two quadrants safe.
Snakes: Spawn two line AoEs across the platform, each taking up a quarter of the width of the platform in that direction. There's always a safe spot between and on either side of the snakes.
Adikia: Two fists hit the left and right side of the arena, creating two large circles that meet in the center of the arena. This leaves two safe zones in the north and south of the arena.
Phlegeton: Three waves of AoEs appear under the players. Keep moving to avoid.
Complete Control: The boss transforms, indicating the next phase.

Phase 2
The boss will continue using the attacks from phase one, but has additional mechanics added in:
Astral Flow: Used immediately after most casts of Paradeigma in this phase, but before those attacks hit. All players held in place, as the floor rotates 90 degrees, rotating the snakes/behemoths with it. Once the rotation completes, snakes/behemots fire from their new positions; players regain their free movement thereafter.
Triple Esoteric Ray: Three lasers will shoot across the field in the order they appear. These attacks don't linger, so the moment the laser appears it is safe to walk into the effect. The lasers appear in one of two sequences; either the left and right side of the arena with the center safe, then the center laser fires, or vice versa.
Algedon: Zodiark strikes across the entire stage, pushing anyone hit to their death. This attack's AoE marker is extremely short. It is indicated by Zodiark going to the front-left or front-right corner of the arena, and striking across the arena diagonally.
Astral Eclipse: Zodiark will leave the arena, moving in a counter-clockwise direction, calling down stars to strike the platform. On each of the 3 other sides of the platform, Zodiark will spawn a long tether from the center of the platform to a pattern of stars in the sky off that side of the platform. The stars indicate where the meteors will hit the platforms in relation to the direction the meteors are coming from, with the platform being divided into a 3x3 grid.
Trimorphos Exoterikos: Zodiark places three Exoterikos attacks in sequence, one on each of the 3 sides of the platform in a random order.
From here, the boss will repeat these mechanics (omitting Astral Eclipse) until it is defeated.
</strategy_text>