<cleaned_strategy_text>
Strategy
Kaliya
Phase 1 - 100% - 60%
Phase 1 is all about teaching you the majority of the mechanics that Kaliya uses and how to deal with them. Kaliya will begin the fight with a cleave, Resonate, so everyone but the tanks should avoid the middle of the room until the boss has been correctly positioned facing north. Resonate's damage is shared, so both tanks should stand in front of the boss. Kaliya has a predictable rotation in this phase, however there is an element of randomness between the ordering of two mechanics. The rotation goes like this:
Resonate -> Nerve Gas -> Nerve Gas -> Nerve Gas -> Barofield|Resonate -> Seed of the Sea & Seed of the River -> Resonate -> Secondary Head -> Primary Head

Nerve Gas is a ground AoE that covers a large portion of the arena. It will come in three patterns one after the other. Two will be semi circles that cover half the arena and one will be a cone directed at the tank. In phase 3 the cone can be directed at anyone and will always be the first pattern, but in phase 1 each pattern can come in a random order. The blue areas are the Nerve Gas and the white areas are the safe spot. So for the people behind Kaliya it is a case of dodging left and then right, or right and then left depending on which pattern she uses first.

Barofield will exist for the entire fight and Kaliya will only use it once, so on following rotations she will instead use Resonate. Barofield will deal around 2,500 damage to a player stepping into it, apply a Vulnerability Up debuff and give them Heavy. The Heavy will make dodging Nerve Gas very difficult and most likely cause you to die.

Seed of the Sea and Seed of the River will both be used in each rotation however it is random in which order you have to deal with them. Seed of the Sea will target a random player with a red vertical line indicating that they are going to be hit with a lot of damage. For this, the group should stack. Seed of the River on the other hand will target two players at random with missiles that will eventually come down and deal around 2,500 damage to them and anyone near them. For this, the group should spread. So depending on whether Kaliya uses Seed of the Sea or Seed of the River first the group will either need to stack and then spread or spread and then stack. To determine which mechanic you have to deal with first you should be looking for a firing animation coming from Kaliya. If you see a red vertical line on a player after this you know Kaliya is using Seed of the Sea first and should stack, if you don't see a red line then you know to spread out for Seed of the River.

Secondary Head is a tank swap mechanic that applies a Vulnerability Up debuff to the main tank as well as stuns them. When she uses this the off tank should take control of Kaliya because immediately afterwards she will use Primary Head. This will deal high damage to the tank and is enough to kill the tank if they have the Vulnerability Up debuff. This forces the tank swap. Damage mitigation abilities and shields such as Adloquium should be used.

Phase 2 - Adds - 2:30
At the start of phase 2 Kaliya will go into emergency mode, summon a barrier around her as well as three untargetable adds that will shoot lasers across the arena. If you step into her barrier you will instantly die so be sure to get out of the middle of the room when the phase transition begins. She will also summon three Node adds and you will have two and a half minutes to kill all three before the group fails the DPS check and wipes. The adds are Gravity Node (Cube), Weapons Node (Sphere) and Electric Node (Egg). If any of the Nodes get too close to each other a Tether will become visible between them indicating that they are about to merge, kind of like the golems in the Second Coil of Bahamut - Turn 4 (T9). If this happens the merged Node will become super buffed and the party will wipe.

The two tanks should each pick up the Weapons Node and the Gravity Node and keep them far apart. The Electric Node cannot be tanked and will move around the arena anti-clockwise on its own, this means the two tanks will need to be aware of not only where the other tank is but where the Electric Node is and reposition as needed.

The Weapons Node has around 2 and a half times as much HP as the Gravity Node so you should spread your damage as such that three of your DPS are on the Weapons Node and one is on the Gravity Node. The Weapons Node has a buff which means it takes 50% less magical damage. This means one of your casters should be attacking the Gravity Node. The Weapons Node will use an attack called Repelling Cannons which deals a massive amount of damage that is split between everyone near the target. This means everyone focusing on this node should stack behind it.

The Gravity Node has a buff which means it takes 50% less physical damage. It will also summon Void Zones underneath random players that stay for a period of time. Players should avoid stepping into these as they deal damage and reduce movement speed.

The group should be sure to let each other know the HP percentages of both the Weapons Node and the Gravity Node so that both can be killed at the same time. When both are at around 2% it is time to finish them and then reposition for the Electric Node.

The Electric Node only has one attack called Forked Lightning. This works exactly like the Thunderstruck mechanic in the Second Coil of Bahamut - Turn 4 (T9). The player who receives Forked Lightning should move out of the group as they will paralyze anyone that is too close to them. One other thing to note about this node is that it has an energy field around it that prevents all damage to it unless you are in melee range. Moving into range will give you the buff Energy Field Down which allows you to attack it.

Once you finish the Electric Node the group should prepare for Nerve Cloud, which will deal around 3,500-4,000 damage to everyone in the group if properly mitigated. Damage mitigation abilities such as Sacred Soil, Virus, Storm's Path and Dragon Kick should be used if possible. Afterwards position yourself behind the boss for phase 3.

Phase 3 - 59% - 0%
Phase 3 has all of the mechanics from phase 1 as well as a new mechanic called Nanospore Jet (Tether). This is a difficult mechanic to master and it will cause a lot of frustration and wipes until you get it right. The Tether mechanic will link two sets of two players together and these pairs must stay near each other. If you run too far away from the person you are tethered to or if one of you dies then you will both die. Additionally both tether groups must stay away from each other.

You will have to deal with all of the mechanics of the fight while tethered, so it is important that both tethered players dodge the same way. Tethers can pair together both tanks or any combination of DPS and healer. A tank will never be tethered to a DPS or healer unless one of the tanks is dead when Kaliya uses Nanospore Jet.

The hardest part of this phase is dealing with Nerve Gas while tethered. You have to plan in which way to dodge so that the tethered members don't split up or cross paths with the second tether pair. In phase 3 Nerve Gas will always use the cone pattern first and unlike phase 1 it can be directed towards anyone in the party. This means the next two will be the semi circle half arena patterns. The key to dodging this successfully is that both tether pairs must run in the same direction. The direction is based on your own perspective rather than compass directions, so both tethers decide to run to their left or their right. This will keep the groups opposite each other during the mechanics. The thought you should be having is to never cross the head or the tail, and dodge both semi circle Nerve Gas on the sides of the boss.

While Tethered you also have to deal with Seed of the Sea and Seed of the River. For Seed of the Sea (the beam where damage has to be split) the players with tether should not move. The players without tether (minus tanks) should stack on the beam. The damage is manageable even when two tethers are on non-tanks. During the Seed of the River attack it is possible for both tether players to spread out enough so that if the missiles target both players in a tether group the damage will only hit each of them once. You of course need to be careful with this as you don't want both players running in opposite directions. Only one player should move.

Apart from the Nanospore Jet (Tether) mechanic Kaliya will also have the Energy Field buff that the Electric Node had in phase 2, meaning you can only damage her when you are in melee range. Kaliya will also use the Nerve Cloud mechanic a few more times during phase 3 so be ready with those damage mitigation abilities. Handle it the same way you did at the end of phase 2. The fourth Nerve Cloud will instantly wipe the group and you fail the DPS check.

Solo strategy
As of patch 6.0, the duty can be easily cleared solo by any well-geared level 90 character. To get to the boss arena, players need to fight through trash mobs and clear three energy fields. This is done by standing on the big blue buttons in front of them for a few seconds. To open the two last barriers, the player needs to open one, suicide by walking into the barrier, respawn and take the other path to open the last barrier. The boss fight is a simple matter of attacking the boss and the adds it spawns until they die, which takes a minute or so. Avoid stepping into the boss's hitbox, which inflicts debuffs, and kill the Gravity node first once it spawns.
</cleaned_strategy_text>