<strategy_text>
Overview
Auspice: Seiryu
Phases & Abilities
The battle against Seiryu (Extreme) is quite similar to that of the normal version, albeit with a few twists. Below is an ordered list of abilities you will encounter during this two-phase fight.

Phase 1
Fifth Element - an unavoidable raid-wide AoE that will blast all participants for moderate damage.
Serpent Descending - marks four players with AoE markers, forcing them to avoid fellow team-members. This mechanic will overlap with Kuji-Kiri.
Kuji-Kiri - marks the entire arena with a criss-cross AoE pattern, blasting the telegraphed areas after a short delay. To avoid damage, players must stand within unmarked squares.
Onmyo Circle (Yin & Yang) - one of two special attacks that Seiryu will use to surprise players. Seiryu will teleport to a random player and charge an AoE attack at his current location, indicated by a Yin & Yang symbol. To avoid, players must run out of melee range before it is fully charged. After charging up, Seiryu will blast the surrounding area (as indicated by a very brief AoE circle telegraph around himself).
Bear in mind that Seiryu will also use a different version later in the fight (indicated by a dragon-themed symbol instead of the Yin & Yang version). When this happens, players must be ready to run close to Seiryu as the following attack will be a donut AoE rather than a regular AoE. Having said that, the first cast will always be the AoE circle (Yin & Yang).
Cursekeeper - is a debuff mechanic that will be applied to Seiryu's main target. Once applied, the debuff will begin to absorb all damage taken by that target and store it up. Once it fades, all damage received will be amplified into an AoE explosion around that target. This will be overlapped by Infirm Soul.
Infirm Soul - a vicious tank buster that must be mitigated. Due to the application of Cursekeeper (see above), tanks must work together to ensure that the person with the Cursekeeper debuff does not get hit by Infirm Soul. To achieve this, the off-tank should provoke Seiryu as soon as he begins casting Cursekeeper, allowing the debuffed tank to walk away from the group and explode for minor damage.
Summon Shiki - a multi-phase mechanic, starting with the creation of three adds with a fan-like appearance (two red and one blue).
Red Shiki - tethers to a random damage dealer. Tethered players should move away so that the Red Shiki are aimed away from the group.
Blue Shiki - attaches a proximity tether to a random healer along with a stack-line marker. Due to the proximity tether, the marked healer should stand at a safe distance behind the group to reduce their incoming damage. Meanwhile, the members of the group who are not marked by Red Shiki must stack in a line to absorb the stack-mark damage in the center of the arena.
Assuming the group is successful, adds will form around the outer ring of the arena and eventually mark the arena with straight-line AoEs. In addition, two Large Shiki will leap to opposite sides of the arena and blast them with wide AoE circles before each one tethers itself to a random member of the group. Seeing as the group should already be stacked in the center after the previous Red & Blue Shiki mechanics, the tank and off-tank should quickly grab a tether each and move to opposite sides of the arena so that the large Shiki aim their attacks away from the group.
Finally, additional adds will begin to spawn in the center of the arena that need to be picked up by both tanks. Bear in mind that the smaller adds will explode on death for unavoidable damage, thus you may need to stagger their deaths in order to provide healers with some breathing room. Furthermore, the larger add (unlike normal mode) will now be capable of casting Stoneskin - a massive absorb shield. Due to this add phase being a DPS check (with Seiryu charging up a raid-wipe ability), it is wise to silence the Stoneskin cast whenever possible.
Assuming all adds are slain before Seiryu charges his ability, the transition animation from normal mode will play out, indicating the approach of Phase 2.

Phase 2
After the transitional animation has completed, players will find themselves within the outer waters of the arena - just like normal mode. However, extreme mode presents a new threat in the form of cones of White Water. These will persist throughout the battle and periodically alternate positions. If a player collides with White Water for any reason, they will be knocked up into the air and suffer a stackable debuff.
Orochi - a wall of snakes will form at one end of the arena just like normal mode. However, extreme mode will not provide arrow-markers to indicate the direction of their upcoming knockback attack. Instead, players must keep their eyes peeled for the snakes and move as close to them as possible. Eventually, the snakes will charge across the battlefield and inflict a damaging knockback. Players who aren't close enough to the snakes' at this time risk being punted into the outer waters of the arena.
Big Shiki - a watery giant will rise from the waters and pepper the arena with alternating hand-slams, just like normal mode. After the third hand-slam, it will utilize a central-arena knockback that overlaps with another Orochi. Players must stand close to the circular telegraph to avoid being knocked into the water by the Big Shiki slam. However, they must also make sure that they are knocked towards the upcoming Orochi (snakes) so that they are pushed back to the center of the arena (rather than out of it).
Forbidden Arts - targets both healers with stack-line AoE markers that must be absorbed by the group.
Blazing Aramitama - after dashing to the north of the arena, Seiryu will buff himself. From this point onward, his attacks will be double-cast, and also cause slight variations to some mechanics.
(Double) Onmyo Circle - Seiryu will morph to a random player and begin a doubled-up version of Onmyo Circle. To avoid damage, players must pay attention to the order of symbols displayed by Seiryu. Seeing as the Yin & Yang version is a circle AoE and the Dragon version is a Donut AoE, you will either have to run in & out or out & in depending on which symbol was displayed first.
(Double) Kuji Kiri - just like phase 1, the arena will be marked with a criss-cross pattern, forcing players to stand within unmarked areas. However, due to being doubled-up, Kuji-Kiri will soon overlap the other squares for an additional blast. Players must stand within the unmarked square, wait for the first Kuji Kiri attack, then move diagonally to avoid the second blast.
Another (Double) Onmyo Circle will be cast at the end of the (Double) Kuji Kiri, forcing players to watch the symbols and prepare to run in & out or out & in to avoid damage.
Fifth Element - another unavoidable blast of raid-wide AoE in an attempt to finish off any players who failed to dodge the above mechanics.
Serpent Ascending is a triple mechanic, starting with all players spawning AoE circles under their feet. At the same time, four players will be marked by AoE circles (similar to Serpent Descending). Lastly, four dark circles will spawn at the intercardinal points of the arena. If no player is standing within the dark circles at the end of the mechanic, the circle will explode, dealing unavoidable raid-wide damage that applies damage down to the group.
To avoid the above combo, players must first move out of the AoE circle under their feet, then move to a dark circle (if they are not marked for AoE). Players marked for AoE should instead stand between the circles (or the center) to avoid damaging others.
Forbidden Arts will be cast immediately after the above combo and begin targeting each Healer. Unlike before, it will now apply vulnerability debuffs due to Seiryu's Blazing Aramitama, which means that it should not be double-soaked like it was earlier. Instead, the group should split in half and stand on opposite sides of the boss (such as a tank, healer and two damage-dealers on the east & west [or north & south]). By doing this, Seiryu will blast one healer-group, then turn to blast the other, preventing players from receiving a double-stack of vulnerability and eating near-fatal damage. As soon as Seiryu has blasted both healers with Forbidden Arts, he will blast the raid with another Fifth Element (raid-wide AoE).
(Double) Cursekeeper - just like phase 1, tanks must be prepared to provoke the boss so that Infirm Soul does not hit a tank effected by Cursekeeper, except this time it must be done twice in quick succession due to the double-up nature of Blazing Aramitama.
Summon Shiki - a new add phase will commence (but in a different order), starting with two Large Shiki.
After spawning, the Large Shiki will once again leap to opposite ends of the arena and prepare to blast them with wide AoE circles. At the same time, Seiryu himself will cast another (Double) Onmyo Circle, forcing players to move either in & out or out & in depending on the symbols. Once done, the large Shiki will again tether themselves to random players, forcing the tank and off-tank to grab the tethers and aim the Shiki away from the group.
Afterwards, players must contend with another round of Red & Blue Shiki - the fan-like adds from before. This is handled in the exact same manner as it was in phase 1. Damage-dealers tethered by Red Shiki should aim them away from the group, while the healer marked by Blue Shiki should move a safe distance behind the party in the center. Unmarked players should stack up in front of the healer to absorb the upcoming damage from the stack-line marker.
Once the Red & Blue Shiki cast their tether damage, all players will spawn an AoE telegraph under their feet, and four random players will also be marked by an AoE circle, forcing everyone to spread out.
From this point onwards, mechanics will loop into various combos without presenting anything you haven't already dealt with before. This will persist until the boss has been defeated (or the raid suffers a wipe). The hard enrage is a long cast of Fifth Element.
</strategy_text>