<strategy_text>
Walkthrough
When speaking to Zero in the Seat of the Foremost: "...several cutscenes will play in sequence. It is recommended that you set aside sufficient time to view these scenes in their entirety." and a Solo Duty will begin.

Steps
1. Speak with the dark-robed voidsent.
2. Speak with Varshahn.
3. Speak with Zero in the Seat of the Foremost.
4. Speak with Y'shtola.

Battle Dialogue:
Scarmiglione: Come, struggle with all your might! It will make you that much richer and tastier!
Scarmiglione: Every soul in this domain ssserves me now.
Scarmiglione: Come, feassst upon their flesh!
Y'shtola: The castle answers his call...
Y'shtola: We'd do well to break up this feast quickly.
Estinien: Then let's see these guests on their way.
Scarmiglione: Behold the power of the archfiend of earth!
Varshahn: He means to resurrect them again!
Estinien: Hmph, let them come.
Y'shtola: A troublesome foe...
Y'shtola: He hastens their regeneration!
Scarmiglione: We are deathlessssss.
Scarmiglione: You cannot defeat that which cannot die!
Estinien: Get clear!
Scarmiglione: Struggle and slaughter all you like!
Varshahn: This bodes ill...
Varshahn: Our foe has too great an advantage...
Estinien: We need to drag him out of this damnable feast.
Estinien: Quickly, stand together!
Y'shtola: There's no end in sight...
Y'shtola: A retreat may be in order.
Scarmiglione: When will you learn? No matter what you do, you cannot hope to win.
Y'shtola: You never know until you try, and I'm always happy to experiment.
Zero: Satisfied?
Y'shtola: Completely.
Varshahn: Come, my friends. With Zero's aid, we can defeat him!
Scarmiglione: What is this!? What have you done!?
Zero: Now that I think on it, you owe me a debt as well.
Zero: You may have missed your mark...but I won't miss mine.
Zero: However incurred, a debt is a debt.
Zero: I will repay it here and now.
Zero: Attend to the minions first.
Zero: Begone.
Zero turns the voidsent into crystal!
Zero: Got you!
Scarmiglione: Trickery will not save you!
Scarmiglione: Prove your loyalty to me!
Varshahn: Reinforcements...
Zero: This will hurt.
Zero turns the voidsent into crystal!
Estinien: Hm, impressive.
Scarmiglione: Pathetic! Useless!
Scarmiglione: Enough! Enough!
Zero: Ugh!
Varshahn: We cannot win without Zero. We must help her!
Estinien: Zero needs our help!
Zero: Another debt to repay...
Scarmiglione: Hmph. If I must deal with you first...
Scarmiglione: I'll kill you all myself!
Estinien: Finally getting serious, are we?
Estinien: Very well, let us return the favor!
Scarmiglione: This place will be your grave!
Y'shtola: This magick... We must stop him now!
Varshahn: Everyone, to me!
</strategy_text>