Here is the cleaned up text for the "A Cold Reunion" quest guide:

A Cold Reunion

Quest giver: Estinien 
Location: Radz-at-Han (X:4, Y:10)
Quest line: Post-Endwalker Main Scenario Quests
Level: 90 
Gil: 2,772
Previous quest: Once More unto the Void
Next quest: Kindled Spirit
Patch: 6.3

Steps:
1. Speak with Estinien at Tertium.
2. Speak with Jullus.
3. Speak with Alisaie.
4. Speak with Alisaie again.
5. Speak with the spirited engineer.
6. Speak with Alphinaud.

Dialogue:

Estinien: By all accounts, Azdaja is Golbez's prisoner, yet if she was in the Source... It could be that she managed to escape from the void, if only for a fleeting moment. But that is mere conjecture. If we want the truth, then we must go and find it. Come, let's make for Tertium. Our friends are waiting.

Jullus: Yes, they had a village there in the Lapis Manalis caverns. The scythe-wielders forged pacts with voidsent, and took to battle with the beings at their side. For a time they played an invaluable role in our military, but the advent of magitek saw them fall out of favor. And when some were unmasked as insurrectionists, the order was outlawed. The village is believed to be long abandoned.

Alisaie: In that case, why don't you come with us to Tapper's Den? We can chat on the way.

Spirited Engineer: Ah, so you want to ride the mammoth! That's what we took to calling the crafts on account of their size. As often as I used them on rigs, I know a thing or two about their maintenance. I'll see if I can get your mammoth roaring again─it's the least I can do to repay your kindness.

Alphinaud: Welcome back. I presume this is the engineer who will help us with the craft?

Spirited Engineer: I'll do everything I can to get her up and running again! But I doubt I'll be able to do so quickly─at least on my own. The mammoth is big, and so are its parts. Some strong backs should make the work go faster.

Alphinaud: Would you care to assist us, [Forename]?

Zero: I will assist you as well. As payment for answering my question.