Here is the cleaned up text for the Brayflox's Longstop dungeon guide:

Brayflox's Longstop is a level 32 dungeon introduced in patch 2.0. 

Objectives:
- Meet a Longstop ally
- Access Brayflox's Runstop  
- Access Mudstop Watergush
- Arrive in the heart of the Longstop
- Defeat Aiatar

Bosses:

Great Yellow Pelican
Great Yellow Pelican is a giant bird and the first boss. During the fight, Pelican will summon small birds called Violet Back. Kill the birds quickly before they overwhelm the party. Additionally, the Pelican can poison the tank.

Inferno Drake  
Inferno Drake is a fire-breathing drake. It has an AoE cone attack that should be avoided by casters and melee dps. Halfway through, Brayflox will run in with a drake named Tempest Biast chasing him. Kill the smaller drake, save Brayflox, then kill the Inferno Drake.

Hellbender
Hellbender is a giant amphibian creature. It will periodically crowd control a party member in a bubble. Kill the bubble quickly and free your teammate. It will also cast Peculiar Light, inflicting Magic Vulnerability Up on players hit. At the end, Aiatar the dragon flies in and consumes Hellbender. Attack Aiatar until his HP is about 50%, then it will fly away.

Deep Jungle Coeurl (Optional)
Deep Jungle Coeurl is an optional mini-boss, a coeurl with an AoE attack. Run out of the big red circle to avoid it.  

Aiatar
Aiatar is the main boss, a giant green dragon. It has a tankbuster indicated by a red marker. During the fight, it will spit small AoEs that form green rocks which will expand and explode quickly. After a couple rounds, there will be secondary green rocks to avoid. Aiatar will also do a line AoE in the direction it faces, so position it away from the party.

Lore:

Let Sleeping Dragons Lie
This goblin settlement was established by Brayflox Alltalks, but she inadvertently woke the dragon Aiatar. The goblins were forced to flee but plotted to retake the Longstop, dragging an adventurer into their plan.

Aiatar
Wounded decades ago, this dragon from Nidhogg's Horde made its way to Vylbrand and fell into a deep healing sleep in Raincatcher Gully. It was angered when the goblins arrived.

The Goblin Cheese War  
After Aiatar's defeat, the Illuminati goblin scholars laid siege to the Longstop over a stolen cheese recipe tome. The adventurer was caught in this dispute between Brayflox and the Illuminati's heavy-handed response.

Gobmachine G-VI
This Illuminati war machine, originally for construction, was repurposed as a powerful goblin feat of engineering against the Longstop.