Here is the cleaned up text for the Castrum Meridianum strategy guide:

Castrum Meridianum

Level 50 (Sync: 50)  
Item Level 42 (Sync: 60)
Difficulty Normal
Party size Light Party 4 man
Unsyncing Allowed
Time limit 90 minutes  

So begins the third phase of Operation: Archon, which entails a frontal assault upon Castrum Meridianum, Gaius van Baelsar's seat of power. Forming the main thrust, the Immortal Flames will strike at the stronghold with all their strength, though this is but a feint. While the garrison's eyes are drawn outwards, you and your comrades must steal past its defences and attempt to deactivate the magitek field which protects the Praetorium, the fortress within a fortress wherein the Ultima Weapon is believed to be housed.

Objectives
Arrive at the central crossing
Clear the central crossing
Arrive at Area V
Clear Area V
Arrive at the parade ground
Defeat Livia sas Junius

Bosses

The Black Eft
Incendiary Support: Deals 3 hits of moderate raidwide damage.
Request Assistance: Summons additional imperial soldiers to the battle. 
Magitek Cannon: A large circular AoE attack that targets a random player, dealing heavy damage to all players hit.
High-powered Magitek Ray: An untelegraphed line attack that deals heavy damage to all players directly in front of the boss.

Magitek Vanguard F-1
Cermet Drill: Tankbuster.
Thermobaric Strike: Places a flare in a random corner of the arena. Players should move to the other corner to lower the damage taken.
Hypercharge: The boss will reposition at the center of the arena and fire a donut AoE and circle AoE, leaving only a small donut as a safe spot. 
Overcharge: A frontal cone AoE attack that deals heavy amount of damage and inflicts the debuff Paralysis to all players hit.
Targeted Support: Drops an AoE on all players that must be avoided by moving out of it.

Livia sas Junius
Aglaia Climb: Tankbuster.
Artificial Plasma: Unavoidable raidwide damage that must be healed through.
Roundhouse: Livia will reposition to the center and cast a circle AoE followed by 8 AoEs on the border of the arena. Avoid by moving out then moving in.
Infinite Reach: A sequence of a large line AoE down the center of the arena followed by 6 circle AoEs on the sides of it. Livia will cast this four times on various sides of the arena before ending with Angry Salamander. Players must remember the order in which the AoEs appear to avoid them sequentially.
Thermobaric Strike: A cast in preparation for the following two moves:
Stunning Sweep: Circular AoE attack that is done at the same time as 6 other AoEs on the outside of the arena, leaving two safe areas on opposite edges. This is followed by two flare markers on the the safe spot. Players must get into the safe zone and then leave once the other AoEs go off.
Angry Salamander: 8 line AoEs will go off in the middle of the arena, followed by four flare markers on the edge. Players must move in between two of the line AoEs and move back into the center.
At 18% HP, Livia leaps to the center of the arena and casts Artificial Boost, increasing her defenses. Livia then casts a deadlier Artificial Plasma, which now goes through four instances of unavoidable raidwide damage. She will continue to spam Artificial Plasma until her defeat.

Loot
100 Allagan Tomestone of Poetics
Livia sas Junius Card (Drops at a fixed rate)  

Lore

Operation Archon
Exploiting the chaos that followed the Calamity, the XIVth Imperial Legion entrenched itself in Eorzea, establishing strongholds in strategic locations across the realm. Foremost among them was Castrum Meridianum, Gaius van Baelsar's seat of power. Situated in northern Thanalan, the site was chosen for its rich deposits of ceruleum—fuel for the Empire's machina and the lifeblood of its conquest. Upon occupying the area, the legatus ordered the construction of a facility to refine the raw liquid, thereby achieving self-sufficiency for his campaign and ending his dependence on the Garlean motherland.  

Struggling simply to rebuild, the nations of Eorzea could only watch on as the castrum's intimidating silhouette took form to dominate the landscape. But years later, the opportunity would come to take action—via the large-scale military strategy dubbed Operation Archon. Bringing all of their resources to bear, the Grand Companies isolated Castrum Meridianum from its sister strongholds with coordinated strikes before turning their eyes upon the main prize. It was a delicate dance that demanded audacity, finesse, and no small amount of luck, but each of the units involved came through to guide the operation to success.

All their efforts were for but one purpose: the destruction of the Ultima Weapon. Once the way was clear for an elite adventurer unit to carry out this task, the Grand Companies withdrew their forces to avoid unnecessary losses. After the dust had settled, the remnants of the XIVth were suffered to remain, but the Black Wolf's legion had effectively been defanged.

Magitek Vanguard H-1
Fitted with additional plate, this heavy variant of the vanguard sacrifices mobility for defense. Though not apparent at a glance it also boasts a more powerful ceruleum engine.  

Magitek Colossus Rubricatus
An enhanced version of the autonomous colossus, this model incorporates experimental technology that draws upon an external energy source to augment power. The first units manufactured were deployed to guard the Praetorium.

More
By reproducing the workings of arcane shields with magitek, the Garleans succeeded in enveloping Castrum Meridianum in an energy field that could withstand powerful magical attacks. In order to defeat such a field, one must either subject it to a tremendous burden or destroy its generator from within, the latter method being undertaken by the Eorzean Alliance during Operation Archon.