Here is the cleaned up version of the strategy guide text:

Containment Bay S1T7 is a level 60 trial introduced in patch 3.2 with Heavensward.

Strategy

The Fiend: Sephirot

Updated Shadowbringers Guide
Sephirot (Normal) Guide
He has no casting bars or ground indicators, so this fight is extra fun!

Phase 1
Generally, try and keep DPS and healers stacked up behind him for this phase.

Fiendish Rage - 1 player is marked with the 4 arrows indicator. All other players should stack on them to share the damage.
Ratzon - Approximately 6 players will get a small green AoE mark on them. These players should spread out to avoid stacking the damage taken. 
Ain - The arm air push. Sephirot will turn to face a random player and hold very still with his arms up. This attack has a 180-degree blast radius, has no cast and gives a Vulnerability Up debuff on hit, but can easily avoided by stacking behind him.
At the phase change (about 60% hp) he'll spawn Cochma and Binah adds, burn down Binah first, then Cochma.

Phase 2
This starts at around 60% health - be careful as you can fall off the platform during this phase.
Stay in the center as best you can.
Pillar of Mercy - fist strikes on the blue circles with knockback - stand next to them (not inside otherwise you take the dmg) on the inside of the arena to avoid being knocked off the platform.
He puts individual markers on two players which look like giant beams of light. He will do a large cleave at these two. Various strategies can be applied, but easiest is just strafing to a side, having marked players go one way, and non-marked go the other way. Use of waypoints is recommended.
Kill the Storm of Words add quickly, before it casts Revelation - if it casts Revelation you'll wipe. Once Storm of Words is dead, focus on killing the Binah/Cochma adds. 
It will drop an air current on death, when it's marked by arrows stand inside to avoid the arm sweep.
After the arm sweep he will charge up a beam, spread out before restacking in the center.
He will summon two large red pillars. One person needs to stand in each pillar to avoid raid damage (Tanks are a good choice for this.)

Loot
10 Allagan Tomestone of Poetics
Sephirot Card (Drops at a fixed rate.)
Sephirot Sap Drops directly from boss, must be synced