Here is the cleaned up strategy guide for the Containment Bay Z1T9 trial in Final Fantasy 14:

Strategy

The Demon: Zurvan

Zurvan utilizes the following moves and mechanics throughout a total of four phases.

Phase 1

The fight begins on a large platform divided into noticeable quarters which, as the fight progresses, eventually fall in a counterclockwise pattern starting from the east. Anyone standing on falling segments of the platform will immediately perish. When the last remaining quarter of the platform drops, Phase 2 begins.

Metal Cutter is a frontal cleave that periodically targets the main tank. Due to this, the main-tank should make sure that Zurvan is faced away from the group until there is only one remaining segment of the platform left.

Flare Star drops circular AoE's on random players which should be avoided.

Phase 2

Phase 2 begins after the last remaining section of the platform drops down, causing all remaining players to fall into a new arena. 

Zurvan will begin charging Soar, which will cause him to jump away from the arena once fully cast. During this, Zurvan will cast 2 line-AoE's from himself that should be avoided, followed by clones of Zurvan that will appear on the outer edges of the arena that will also cast line-AoE's in a similar manner.

Flaming Halberd will occur shortly after Zurvan has leapt from the arena using Soar. At first, two players are targeted by waves of circular AoEs that will follow their movements. Targeted players should move away from the group to avoid inflicting unnecessary damage. Once complete, a flaming puddle will be left behind.

Demonic Dive is cast immediately after Flaming Halberd at a random Healer, assuming one is alive. This is a basic stack-mechanic where players should group up to absorb as much damage as possible.

After landing, Zurvan will turn towards a random player and begin casting Wave Cannon, an unmarked line-AoE that the target should side-step to avoid being damaged.

Ice Puddle is a persistent AoE puddle centred on the boss (about the size of Zurvan's hitbox) which will inflict damage and slow the movement of anyone who stands within it.

Biting Halberd can only be used after Ice Puddle, which is a massive conal AoE. To avoid being hit, players should move behind Zurvan himself.

Southern Cross will cause multiple AoE's to target random players. Ideally, players should stack up so that these AoE's land on top of each other, providing more space to dodge the following mechanics.

Ciclicle is a massive donut AoE, centred on Zurvan, that is cast immediately after Southern Cross. To avoid this attack, players must remain close to Zurvan himself.

Tail End is a huge AoE cast straight after Ciclicle which is centred on Zurvan while he is in the middle of the room. To avoid this, players must move to the outer edges of the arena.

Phase 3

Phase 3 consists of dealing with multiple waves of adds.

Wave 1 includes three Execrated Threw which spawn at the northern end of the arena. These should be picked up by a tank and burned down as soon as possible.

Wave 2 involves a mixture of Execrated Threw and Execrated Will.

Wave 3 contains two Execrated Will, which should be picked up by the tanks, and one Execrated Wit (caster add) which should be focused down by the rest of the party as soon as possible.

Phase 4

This phase begins after all adds are slain. For the most part, it is identical to Phase 2, except for a few additional abilities.

Zurvan will cast Broken Seal, which causes the following effects in sequence:

Infinite Fire will be randomly assigned to up to four players, which will be used to deal with Fire Meteor.

Infinite Ice will be assigned to the remaining four players, which will be used to deal with Ice Meteor.

Fire & Ice Meteors will begin descending around the arena in a triangular pattern, displayed as red or white. Players that were marked by Infinite Fire should stand within the red meteor, while players with Infinite Ice should stand within the white meteor. It is worth noting that only the marked player needs to stand in the appropriate meteor to soak damage. However, should meteors remain unsoaked, or if players stand in the wrong meteors, the entire party will be inflicted with a stack of Vulnerability.

Tyrfing is a multi-strike tankbuster which increases in attacks each time it is used, starting at 5 strikes and growing to 6, 7, and so on with each use.