Here is the cleaned up text for the "Nowhere to Run" quest in Final Fantasy 14:

Having given you due warning, Zero would leave you to your own devices. 

Rewards
Choose one of the following options:
1   Piety Materia IX
1   Battledance Materia IX 
1   Quickarm Materia IX
1   Quicktongue Materia IX

Steps
Speak with Zero and have her accompany you.
Gather information while Zero is accompanying you. 
Accompany Zero to the designated location and then speak with her.
Accompany Zero to the designated location and then speak with her again.
Search for Farfarello while Zero is accompanying you.
Speak with Ciriatto while Zero is accompanying you.
Speak with Ciriatto again while Zero is accompanying you. 
Speak with Ciriatto yet again while Zero is accompanying you.
Speak with Estinien.

Journal
Having given you due warning, Zero would leave you to your own devices.

Dialogue
Zero: Consider yourselves duly warned. If you wish to go among the voidsent here, that is your choice to make.

Zero: Most have traveled to your world, so it shouldn't be difficult to communicate. 

Zero: You're going too, of course? In which case, I shall accompany you.

Zero: I wish only to observe. Do not expect me to help.

Zero: Then it's settled. I'm ready when you are.

Zero: Ready? Then lead the way. I leave it to you to decide with whom you speak.

Zero: Although this is my domain, I don't make a habit of strolling about. 'Tis a strange feeling...

Zero: I call this my abode, but spend hardly any time here. I return only for meditation. 

Zero: While physical wounds can be healed by replenishing one's aether, you can't preserve your form if you lose sight of yourself.

Zero: Such is the risk inherent in consuming another's soul. It dilutes your sense of self. Alters you inside and out.

Zero: To guard against this, I meditate. Visualize who I am, in a place all my own.

Zero: Scathach was a powerful voidsent who ruled over a vast domain. That was a long time ago, though, so I doubt she has any connection to Golbez.

Zero: A crusade, you say? From whom did you hear this?

Zero: I see... Perhaps Farfarello can tell us more.

Zero: Perhaps he's gathered enough fodder and is now intent on bolstering his own strength. A sure sign that he is about to make a move.

Zero: Satisfied with what you've learned? Ah─but let's step away before you become too tempting to resist.

Zero: You have other business? Fine. Come and find me at my abode when you've finished.

Zero: Finished tending to your other affairs? Then let us continue on.

Zero: It seems the rumors of Golbez reach even my remote domain. 

Zero: Fair to assume he's gathering strength for his crusade─whatever that may be.

Zero: But I must say, I wouldn't have guessed that Farfarello once fought in Golbez's army. It's a miracle he survived serving an archfiend.

Zero: Ah, I suppose I should explain. 

Zero: Farfarello is the weakest among us. Constantly in fear of being devoured, he seldom consorts with others.

Zero: The only one he's comfortable with is Ciriatto. 

Zero: He's a fellow coward who runs the instant he senses a threat, and won't stop until he's exhausted.

Zero: When their hunger grows too intense, they feed on each other's aether. Such is their relationship.

Zero: But I ramble. You intend to seek out Farfarello, I presume? 

Zero: Then I'll come with you. He's less likely to hide that way.

Zero: Farfarello keeps to the fringes of my domain. This way.

Zero: The voidsent here don't answer to a master. They can do as they please.

Zero: But all must answer to the hunger, and seek out prey when they need aether. 

Zero: Except Farfarello and Ciriatto, that is─they are content to take from one another. Barring an incident, they dare not venture out.

Zero: When he takes flight, Ciriatto will not seek shelter until he is utterly spent. Farfarello, on the other hand, prefers to hide in the same place. Come.

Zero: Ciriatto... This is rather unexpected. Where is Farfarello?

Zero: Left? That doesn't sound like him at all.

Zero: And off he flees, as he is wont to do.

Zero: But something about this doesn't sit well with me...

Zero: What do you make of Ciriatto's behavior?

Zero: So you think so too.

Zero: As he says, Farfarello is gone. But that is quite unusual.

Zero: As is the fact that Ciriatto, who was clearly frightened by something, chose not to flee but instead hid here, where Farfarello usually─

Zero: ...No.

Zero: We must go after Ciriatto. Now.

Zero: I know Farfarello was our quarry, but Ciriatto's behavior troubles me. We must find him.

Zero: Ciriatto, we need to talk.

Zero: The wind rises...? What is he talking about?

Zero: After him.

Zero: What's gotten into you? What do you mean, the wind rises?

Zero: I don't sense anything, but he seems convinced.

Zero: It's a dead end beyond. We'll corner him.

Zero: What are you running from?

Zero: Archfiend, you say?

Zero: I see. That explains everything...almost.

Zero: I thought it was Farfarello who used to serve an archfiend. Not you.

Zero: Not you, who always ran at the first sign of trouble. You who now speak as though you were Barbariccia's minion. There's only one explanation...

Zero: Indeed, that would account for his uncharacteristic behavior.

Zero: So, is that the way of it? Did you devour Farfarello?

Zero: And not just a portion of his aether, but his entire being.

Zero: It wasn't only your behavior that