Here is the cleaned up text for the Paglth'an dungeon strategy guide:

Paglth'an is a level 80 dungeon introduced in patch 5.5 with Shadowbringers. 

Duty Support
Party member selection is available.

Objectives
Arrive at the gathering ring: 0/1
Clear the gathering ring: 0/1
Arrive at the scalekin pen: 0/1
Clear the scalekin pen: 0/1
Arrive at Sunseat: 0/1
Defeat Lunar Bahamut: 0/1

Bosses
Amhuluk
Critical Rip: Tankbuster.
Lightning Bolt: Large targeted circle AoEs on all players with additional ones on random lampposts on the edge of the arena. Players must pass their AoE off to a lamppost that doesn't already have an AoE. Deals moderate damage and inflicts a stack of Lightning Vulnerability Up to players hit.
Electric Burst: Unavoidable moderate party-wide damage.
Thundercall: Summons several lightning orbs along the edge of the arena that occasionally pulse for damage. Precedes Lightning Bolt from the second cast onward.
Wide Blaster: Wide cone from Amhuluk's front. Immediately followed by Spike Flail.
Spike Flail: Narrow cone from Amhuluk's rear. Used immediately after Wide Blaster, with no time to avoid.

Magitek Fortress
The main target is the Magitek Core, guarded by a force field. To get to the Core, the party must defeat waves of adds.
While fighting the adds, two of the three cannons on the fortress will charge up a blue energy and eventually blast a line ahead of it, dealing damage and inflicting a stack of Vulnerability Up.
The first wave consists of three Tempered Imperials and two Telotek Predators. After a few moments, six more Tempered Imperials will emerge from the sides of the fortress.
Magitek Claw: Used by Telotek Predators. The Predator jumps at its primary target, dealing moderate damage.
2-tonze Magitek Missile: Large circle AoE below a random player.
Once the entirety of a wave has been defeated, the cannons will power down, the Amalj'aa on the outside of the arena will disable the force field, and a jump pad to the Core will appear.
Defensive Reaction: High party-wide damage. Only cast when the Magitek Core is directly under attack, and is the core's only method of direct attack.
After reaching 50% health, the Magitek Core will eject the party back into the arena and reactivate the force field, at which point the second wave of adds appears and new mechanics are added to the cannons.
The second wave begins with six Tempered Imperials, two Telotek Sky Armors, and a single Mark II Telotek Colossus. Eventually, six Tempered Imperials and two Telotek Predators will appear.
Aethershot: Used by Telotek Sky Armors. Circle AoE below a random player.
Exhaust: Used by the Mark II Telotek Colossus. Line AoE in the direction of a random player.
Missile: Five sets of three missiles appear on the east and west edges of the arena and slowly travel across in a straight line.
Ground-to-ground Ballistic: Light damage and strong knockback from the center of the arena. Only used when the center cannon isn't firing.

Telotherium: Lunar Bahamut
Twisted Scream: Light party-wide damage and spawns eight nails, staggered out in sets of two. The nails will explode in the order they appear in a large circle AoE around them. From the third time this is used, three sets of nails will appear instead of two.
Perigean Breath: Cone AoE from Lunar Bahamut's front toward a random player.
Akh Morn: Stack marker on a random player, deals moderate damage four times in a row.
Megaflare: Orange markers on each player, spread to avoid overlapping damage. After the initial explosion, a second circle AoE will appear where each player was standing when the first strike went off, exploding a few moments later.
Megaflare Dive: Lunar Bahamut becomes untargetable, moves to one edge of the arena, then dive bombs in a line across, dealing high damage and knockback to players hit. Lunar Bahamut precedes this attack with a Twisted Scream that leaves nails in the safe areas for the attack.
Kan Rhai: Targets a random player with a short cross AoE. After a few seconds, energy erupts from the ground below where the player was standing, leaving a lingering AoE that pulses high damage every second for a few seconds. If the fight is allowed to drag on, subsequent casts of Kan Rhai will target multiple players.
Lunar Flare: Covers the arena in purple circle AoEs that shrink over time, gradually exposing safe area(s). The attack can leave four safe areas along the edge of the arena, or a single safe area in the direct center, but not both at the same time.
Gigaflare: High unavoidable party-wide damage.
Flatten: Tankbuster. This is used late in the fight so it is often skipped with enough dps.