Here is the cleaned up text for the Saint Mocianne's Arboretum (Hard) dungeon guide:

Saint Mocianne's Arboretum (Hard) is a level 70 dungeon introduced in patch 4.4 with Stormblood. 

Objectives:
Arrive in Zymology: 0/1
Clear Zymology: 0/1
Arrive in the Soil Bed: 0/1
Clear the Soil Bed: 0/1
Arrive in Kingsloam: 0/1
Defeat Tokkapchi: 0/1

Bosses:

Nullchu
Odious Air: A cone that deals damage and inflicts Poison.
Vine Whip: Tankbuster.
Fault Warren: Stack marker on a random player.
Every so often, a non-targetable Rafflesia add will spawn on the edge of the arena. It will target two random players with markers that create poisonous pools that inflict Leaden while the players stand in them.
Devour: The Nullchu will leap to the Rafflesia's position and consume it. It will then turn towards the center of the arena and breathe poison, which deals damage every second a player stands in it and also inflicts Poison. The best way to avoid this is to stand near the Rafflesia, as the poison breath casts extremely quickly. 
Taproot: All players are targeted with AoEs, spread out to avoid overlapping damage.

Lakhamu
When the fight begins, the edges of the arena will be coated in thorny vines, damaging players who come in contact with them as well as inflicting a stack of Vulnerability Up.
Stone II: Tankbuster.
Tectonics: Party-wide damage.
Landslip: The arena is covered in four "conveyor belt" line markers, and a few Silt Golem adds will spawn on the outside of the arena. When the cast completes, all players will be pushed in the direction of the arrows a distance roughly equivalent to half the arena. As players are being pushed, the Silt Golems will cast Rockslide, damaging in a line ahead of them and inflicting Vulnerability Up.
Earthquake: Melee-range area of effect followed immediately by a ring area of effect. Move to melee range or far range to dodge.
Earth Shaker: Marks the two DPS players, dealing damage in a line from the boss to the player.
Empty Gaze: Gaze attack that inflicts Hysteria.

Tokkapchi
The arena for this fight is a grate with four solid platforms. Periodically, the mud beneath the platform will churn. After a short delay, mud will explode upwards through the grate, damaging players not on a solid platform and launching them into the air.
Mudsling: Tankbuster.
Quagmire: All players are marked for an AoE. Spread out to avoid overlap, but also keep the center of the attack off the solid platforms. Allowing Quagmire to coat a platform creates a highly-damaging puddle on that platform.
Mud Pie: Tokkapchi will move to the center of the arena and create a Mud Slime add. The add cannot be killed, only pushed via damage. Keep all of the boss's area of effect attacks away from the Mud Slime, including the periodic puddle explosion. Allowing the Mud Slime to be hit with attacks will cause it to grow, causing it to deal more damage when it finally detonates.
Royal Flush: Melee-range area of effect.
During the second cast of Mud Pie, two Muddy Dorpokkur adds will spawn. These adds have low HP and mainly serve as a distraction from the newly-created Mud Slime.
Feculent Flood: Cone attack targeting the Mud Slime. Very long cast time to allow the players to push the Mud Slime away.
Bog Bequest: Ring area of effect that leaves melee range safe. If Tokkapchi is on the edge of the arena, the opposite side is also a safe area.