Here is the cleaned up text for the "Seeking the Light" quest guide:

Seeking the Light

Quest giver: Varshahn
Location: Radz-at-Han (X:4.4, Y:9.8)
Quest line: Post-Endwalker Main Scenario Quests
Level: 90
Gil: 2,314
Previous quest: The Dark Throne
Next quest: Appealing to the Masses
Patch: 6.5

Main Scenario Progress: 844 / 853 (98.9%)
Endwalker Progress: 146 / 155 (94.2%)

Rewards:
Choose one of the following options:
- 2 Honeyed Dragonfruit
- 2 Dragonfruit Blend
- 2 Marinated Broccoflower
- 3 Allagan Silver Piece

Steps:
1. Speak with Varshahn.
2. Speak with Beq Lugg at the Cabinet of Curiosity.
3. Speak with Ryne.
4. Speak with Zero.

Journal:
Varshahn is glad for your arrival.

With the brands on the moon faltering, Golbez may soon make good on his promise to unleash his armies of voidsent upon the Source. If you are to thwart his ambitions, you must find a means to convey Light from the First unto the Thirteenth, that you might defeat his champion Zeromus. To that end, Y'shtola consulted with Cid and the Ironworks, who then proceeded to produce bespoke devices for the occasion: aether transmitters. The task of delivering these transmitters to the First naturally falls to you alone─until Zero expresses her desire to accompany you on the journey. This requires that her soul be placed in a spirit vessel, and so while Y'shtola sees to the transference, you attend to your own preparations before joining the others at Meghaduta.

Along with the aether transmitters, Y'shtola entrusts to you the spirit vessel bearing Zero's soul. She further advises you to seek out Beq Lugg upon your arrival in the First, as the Nu Mou should be able to grant Zero a corporeal form, after which you are to visit Ryne, whose power over Light may prove useful in your greater endeavor.

You take a moment to savor the familiar sights of the Crystarium before proceeding to the Cabinet of Curiosity, where you have little difficulty finding Beq Lugg. While they extract Zero from the spirit vessel, the Nu Mou suggests that you look for Ryne at the Hortorium, where she has been spending the better part of her days of late.

Once you have finished explaining your plan to Ryne, she insists that you let her help. Beq Lugg arrives with Zero soon after, the memoriate having regained corporeal form.

With your party thus assembled, you set your sights upon carrying out Y'shtola's plan to harness Light.