Here is the cleaned up version of the strategy guide text for The Aetherfont dungeon in Final Fantasy 14:

The Aetherfont is a level 90 dungeon introduced in patch 6.4 with Endwalker. 

Duty Support
Party member selection is available.

Objectives
Arrive on the landfast floe: 0/1
Clear the landfast floe: 0/1 
Arrive in Cyancap Cavern: 0/1
Clear Cyancap Cavern: 0/1
Arrive in the Deep Below: 0/1
Defeat the Octomammoth: 0/1

Bosses
Lyngbakr
Sonic Bloop: Moderate damage tank buster.
Upsweep: Moderate damage to the entire party. Will cause any crystals formed to cast a wide or small AoE dependent on crystal size.
Tidal Breath: Lyngbakr turns around and casts a Large arena-wide AoE with high damage to anyone not behind them.
Body Slam: Lyngbakr moves to the center of the area and unleashes a arena-wide AoE with moderate damage to the entire party and spawn crystals of various sizes that will cast an AoE dependent on the crystals size once Upsweep is cast.
Floodstide: Casts AoE markers on all party members that do light damage

Arkas 
Battle Cry: Moderate damage to party. Will limit arena size on 2nd cast
Lightning Leap: Leaps in the opposite direction of the tank, releases a circular AoE and forms lightning lines on the floor that will explode.
Ripper Claw: Moderate damage tank buster
Spinning Claw: Releases a circular AoE from itself followed by lightning lines laid across the arena with a larger AoE than the ones from Lightning Leap
Lightning Rampage: Jumps 4 times, each time releasing a circular AoE and emitting lightning lines across the arena.

Slumbering Scourge: Octomammoth
The Octomammoth is accompanied by its eight untargetable Tentacles that will attack independently. Additionally, the fight takes place on an irregularly-shaped arena, made up of five circular platforms connected by short bridges.

Tidal Roar: Low damage to the entire party.
Octostroke: Four of the five platforms will be flanked by a pair of Tentacles, which will cast Clearout, a short cone AoE that will, together, cover an entire platform. After the Clearout attack, the Tentacles will occasionally use Wallop, a line AoE through the center of the platform.
Vivid Eyes: A narrow ring AoE that passes through the center of all five platforms, plus their connectors. Get up next to the Octomammoth or as far away as you can to avoid.
Saline Spit: Circle AoEs on all five platforms, leaving only the connectors between them safe.
Tidal Breath: A wide AoE from the Octomammoth's front. Octomammoth will turn to one side, leaving roughly one and a half platforms to its flank safe.
Telekinesis: The Octomammoth will telekinetically lift crystal formations on the outside of the arena with an orange tether. Once the crystals are lifted into the air, they will aim point-first toward the nearest platform and tether to it, before being thrust into it as a circle AoE that encompasses the entire platform.
Breathstroke: Combines Octostroke and Tidal Breath into a single attack, except the "safe" platform will have a single Tentacle that further reduces the safe area to stand.
Water Drop: Circle AoEs targeted on all players. Spread out and do not overlap them.