The Dark Throne

Quest giver: Y'shtola
Location: Mare Lamentorum (X:18.7, Y:30.1)
Quest line: Post-Endwalker Main Scenario Quests
Level: 90
Gil: 2,527
Previous quest: Abyssal Dark
Next quest: Seeking the Light
Patch: 6.4

Main Scenario Progress: 843 / 853 (98.8%)
Endwalker Progress: 145 / 155 (93.5%)

"Y'shtola is relieved to be back in the Source." — In-game description

Rewards:
1 Another Moon Orchestrion Roll

Unlocks:
You Win or You Dais

Steps:
1. Speak with Urianger.
2. Speak with the accommodating official outside Meghaduta.
3. Speak with Varshahn.

Journal:
As you and your comrades are presently ill-equipped to face a voidsent of Zeromus's might, Y'shtola asks that you apprise Urianger of the situation while she tends to Vrtra's wounds.

Though troubled by this turn of events, Urianger reassures you that the containment seal should forestall Zeromus's invasion for a time, as the brands were resilient enough to hold Zodiark in His prison since the sundering of the star. Be that as it may, since the brands were repaired in haste, and the true potential of dragon-become-voidsent is unclear, there is no telling how long you can afford to rely on this last line of defense. For now, Urianger vows to maintain his vigil over the seal with the Loporrits and the watcher, while you work alongside your allies in Radz–at–Han to devise a plan to combat this unprecedented threat.

The mood in Meghaduta is as grim as it was in the void, with the failure to save Azdaja still painfully fresh. Vrtra is a prisoner of his melancholy, until Zero of all people gives him and the others reason to cling to hope. In recalling the fate of Farfarello, the cowardly voidsent who was devoured by his comrade Ciriatto, she explains that when a voidsent dies, the souls it once harbored may break free and become individual entities once more. And so, when the time comes to lay low Zeromus, she urges Vrtra to call out to his sister, that she may find the strength to endure and be restored to life. Y'shtola further bolsters the spirits of all present when she announces her plan to harness the First's resplendent Light to counter Zeromus's impenetrable Darkness. This undertaking will require much time and preparation, and in the interim Estinien and Zero resolve to devote their energies to training for the battles that await.

Heartened by Zero's words, Varshahn reaffirms his desire to save his sister, and asks that you continue to lend him your strength until the great wyrm is finally free. The day is fast approaching when Zero's theory must be put to the proof, and you can but hope that Azdaja's soul is not beyond salvation.