Here is the cleaned up strategy guide for The Minstrel's Ballad: Zodiark's Fall:

Guide

Eternal Darkness: Zodiark
Unlike other similar fights, most of Zodiark's mechanics require players to react to them and happen at random, meaning there is no set way to mark the fight, players must simply learn the attacks and movement associated with them. 

However, the entire fight (apart from the Ania tank swap) can be done with the party stacked on top of one another, so one way to solve the fight is for everybody to follow a marked experienced player through the mechanics.

This arena does not have a border, so players can fall (or be knocked) off the edge of the arena and fall to their death.

Phase 1
Abilities:

Kokytos: A raidwide AoE, all players will have their HP reduced to one. Group up for AoE healing to get back to full.

Paradeigma: This attack will spawn various stationary adds that have specific patterns that require players to move to avoid. Can summon one or two of the following:
- Behemoths: Spawn in pairs, creating an AoE that covers a quadrant of the arena. 
- Snakes: Spawn at the edge of the arena and fire line AoEs that cover one quarter of the arena.
- Quetzalcoatl: Bird-like adds in the corners of the arena that cast a donut AoE, with the only safe zones being on the small purple rune under each bird. Spawns in either all 4 corners, or 2 corners with the other 2 being Behemoths.

Styx: Requires players to all stack up and take multiple hits of an attack. Players need to stay stacked for all six hits, as each player mitigates the damage.

Ania: A heavy-hitting tankbuster that inflicts a Vulnerability Up, requiring a tankswap. Note that this tankbuster hits in a small AoE around the target, so the tank needs to be away from the group for this ability.

Exoterikos: The boss will fire a colored beam at one, two, or three sides of the edges of the arena, spawning a large rune with a colored shape within. The shape of the rune, as well as the color of the rune and tether, indicates what AoE shape is coming:
- Triangle: A massive cone that reaches to the corners of the opposite side of the arena. The rune and tether are both purple.  
- Square: An AoE covers half the arena, requiring players to move to the opposite side of the arena to avoid. The tether is pink, and the rune is pink with a blue circle around it.

Algedon: The boss moves to a random corner of the arena and charges across to the opposite corner in a wide AoE. This can knock players off the arena if they are hit by this.

Phobos: An unavoidable raidwide AoE that inflicts a heavy Bleed on all players.

Astral Flow: Rotates the stage 90 degrees in the direction indicated by the floating arrows around the arena. This will also rotate any adds that are up from Paradeigma, but will not rotate the floating runes from Exoterikos.

Adikia: The boss strikes the center of the east and west sides of the stage with massive untelegraphed circular AoEs that slightly overlap in the very center of the arena. There is a small curved-triangle safe zone at the center of the north and south edges of the arena.

Strategy:
The boss opens with Kokytos, reducing all HP to one. Group up for healing. Shortly after, the boss casts Paradeigma, summoning four bird adds. Stick together under the same add, as the boss follows with Styx, requiring stacking. After this, the boss casts Ania, a tankbuster requiring a swap.

Next is Exoterikos, summoning a triangle on one wall, then either a triangle or square on the front edge, which fire simultaneously. Safe zone is either the back quadrant next to the triangle if a square was in front, or the front corner on that side if two triangles. 

Paradeigma again summons two birds and two behemoths, while Algedon has the boss charge across the stage. Watch where the boss moves and go to the bird add that won't be hit. Stand on the side of the bird's rune nearer that corner. Phobos then deals raidwide damage and inflicts Bleed.

The boss starts combining abilities. Paradeigma with 2 snake adds on one edge, plus an Exoterikos triangle or square on the east or west side, plus an Astral Flow rotation. Identify a column or row safe from the snakes after the rotation and the Exoterikos rune. The snake lines rotate, but the Exoterikos rune does not. Followed by an Ania tankbuster.

Next is Adikia, plus Paradeigma summoning snakes on the east or west side. Identify which row will be safe and stand in the Adikia safe area in that row (recommend the northern safe area). The boss then transitions to phase 2.

Phase 2
The boss summons 4 Roiling Darkness orbs that feed power to the boss until its gauge reaches 100. These orbs must be defeated before the boss reaches 100 energy or the group wipes. During this, the boss casts Esoteric Pattern, causing AoE runes in each of these 3 patterns, in random order:

1. A purple Exoterikos triangle rune at the front center, with two green Esoteric Ray column lasers on either side. Safe zone is a triangle on either side of the purple triangle rune.

2. A green Esoteric Ray rune in the front center, with two purple Exoterikos triangles on either side. Safe area is on either side of the side triangle runes. 

3. A pink Exoterikos square rune in the front center, with two green Esoteric Ray runes on either side. Safe area is the middle third of the south half.

The boss casts Apomnemoneumata after the adds are defeated or its gauge reaches 100. This deals heavy damage if the boss has less than 100 energy, and instantly kills if the gauge reached 100.

Phase 3
Astral Eclipse has the boss leave the stage and fly around the arena. As it passes each side, a line appears from the center