Here is the cleaned up text for the Sunken Temple of Qarn (Hard) strategy guide:

The Sunken Temple of Qarn (Hard) is a level 50 dungeon introduced in patch 2.4.

Objectives:
Find a sun sphere
Defeat the damaged adjudicator  
Find a moon sphere
Slay the sabotender emperatriz
Find a star sphere
Solve the magicked trap
Slay the Vicegerent to the Warden

Bosses:

Damaged Adjudicator
Do not attack the boss itself, attack the body part with the core. The core is indicated by a bright, red orb. Once the body part with the core is destroyed, the boss will break apart and adds will spawn. Kill the adds and repeat the process til the boss is dead. 
Move out of the sand whirlpools that spawn on the ground. The whirlpools slowly pull you under the floor until you die.
Occasionally the boss will target a random player and spawn a sphere of sand. The sphere generates a circular AoE sand attack, it is advised that you move towards the edge of the battlefield if targeted.

Sabotender Emperatriz
Kill the adds throughout the fight. During the fight the boss will attempt to cast 100,000 needles when her health drops low enough. This must be interrupted by dealing enough damage to her, as it will hit everyone for 100,000 damage. On the third and last time a Sabotender Guardia will spawn and cast Cactguard on her and must be killed first.

Vicegerent to the Warden
Do not get hit by the mummies. Every time you are touched by the mummies, you gain 1 stack of Curse of the Mummy. When you reach 4 stacks, you will run to a corner of the room, enter a sarcophagus and undergo Mummification. As a mummy you lose control of your character and run around aimlessly in the center of the boss room for a short time. Mummified players can also stack the curse on other players if they run into them.
As the fight drags on, the boss will target a non-tank member of the party for a sword strike. Players can avoid the attack by running behind the boss while he is casting.
Tanks should have cooldowns ready in case healer gets mummified. 
When the boss tethers a player, the player will receive stacks of Curse of the Mummy over time. The boss can be Stunned to stop this.