Here is the cleaned up text for The Coming Dawn quest:

G'raha Tia is mulling over what you have learned of Wuk Lamat and her plan. 

Rewards:
1 Knapsack
Unlocks: Tomorrows Unknown

Steps:
1. Speak with G'raha Tia.
2. Travel to the Noumenon. 
3. Read books in the Noumenon.
4. Speak with G'raha Tia.
5. Speak with G'raha Tia again.
6. Speak with Ojika Tsunjika.
7. Enter the Main Hall and wait at the designated location.
8. Speak with Ojika Tsunjika.

Journal:
G'raha Tia is mulling over what you have learned of Wuk Lamat and her plan.

While Wuk Lamat awaits your answer to her invitation, G'raha Tia suggests taking some time to learn more about your potential destination. So it is that you make your way to Noumenon, there to find information on the continent of Tural.

From treatises on cuisine to essays on geopolitics, you read a wide selection of books and gain an insight into various aspects of Tural. Duly enlightened, you go to rejoin G'raha Tia and share your discoveries.

As you and G'raha Tia trade notes, you are joined by Alphinaud and Alisaie, who have come to Noumenon in search of hints on how Garlemald might engage with her neighbors. Upon hearing of Tuliyollal, a nation composed of myriad disparate tribes, Alphinaud believes it to be precisely the example they seek. Alisaie, however, is apparently not satisfied with merely reading, and immediately goes off to make new plans, leaving her brother chasing after her. With your research concluded, you and G'raha Tia turn your steps back to The Baldesion Annex.

You are about to enter the annex when G'raha Tia asks if you mean to accept Wuk Lamat's request. While acknowledging that the journey will not be without hardships, he is nonetheless excited for the opportunities that await in Tural, and you take his advice to heart. Your friend then suddenly conceives of an idea, and excuses himself while you continue on inside.

Ojika Tsunjika informs you that Wuk Lamat is currently with the others in her chambers. The administration officer offers to fetch them for you and bids you wait in the main hall.

Wuk Lamat prompts you for your answer, and you duly give it: you will aid her in the ritual of succession. Yet you are far from the only one, for Alphinaud and Alisaie soon arrive and express their desire to help as well. Wuk Lamat happily welcomes the twins into the fold before also volunteering a none-too-eager Erenville to her cause, while G'raha Tia, noticing Krile's indecision, convinces her to seize the opportunity to visit Tural. Thus is your team assembled, and you fix your gaze upon your distant destination.

Now that the journey is decided, all that remains is to prepare for the moment of departure. What manner of trials awaits on the shores of Tural, you know not, but your heart swells with anticipation at the promise of a grand new adventure.