<strategy_text>
Hydra Abilities
Dissever is an instant attack that deals a small amount of damage.
Triumvirate is an frontal attack that deals a massive amount of damage. Damage is reduced based on the number of players hit.
Mean Thrash is a rear AoE cone attack that deals a large amount of damage to all players hit. It is triggered by being behind Hydra.
White Breath is a frontal AoE breath attack that deals large amount of damage and and inflicts the debuff Infirmity. Infirmity reduces healing done on target.
Radiant Breath is all frontal AoE breath attack that deals a large amount of damage and inflicts the debuff Infirmity to all targets at medium range.
Ball of Ice is an ice attack that targets a random player. It deals a medium amount of damage, inflicts the debuff Heavy to all targets hit. Additionally it leaves a circular patch of ice on the ground.
Ball of Fire is a fireball that targets a random player. It deals a large amount of damage and inflicting the DoT Burns. Additionally, it leaves a circular patch of fire on the ground.
Fear Itself is an AoE attack that deals a large amount of damage and inflicts the debuff Hysteria to all players outside of the melee range. Hysteria causes affected players to run in fear. Hydra will use this ability after running to the middle of room.

Adds
Wyvern can inflict the DoT Poison on its target and can use the ability Bravery to increase Hydra's damage if it is left alive for an extension period of time.

Strategy
During the boss fight, Triumvirate can destroy a tank in 1 hit. Because the ability deals less damage to multiple targets, your party should have 2 tanks standing in front of the boss. Melee classes should also avoid its White Breath attack. Players should stand in either melee range or long range because Radiant Breath deals massive damage to all targets in medium range.

Healers can use Esuna to remove debuffs, however the Infirmity cannot be cleansed.

Players should avoid the Ball of Ice and Fire attacks and stay away from the patches of ice and fire on the ground. When Hydra runs to the center of the room, it will cast Fear Itself. Players should stack on top of the Hydra to avoid getting damaged and feared. Players should tank the Hydra near the wall so it will be apparent to everyone when it runs to the center of the room.

When Hydra spawns the the Wyvern, players should kill it ASAP to avoid allowing it to buff the Hydra.
</strategy_text>