<cleaned_strategy_text>
Perfect Imperfection: Hephaistos

Please note the arena will be surrounded by a ring of fire when the boss is pulled. While this will not outright kill a player, it will deal high damage-over-time. Players can not be knocked off the arena, as there is a border. Failing any mechanic or getting hit by avoidable attacks will debuff a player with a Vulnerability Up stack.

Genesis of Flame: Unavoidable roomwide AoE.
Sunforge: Summons either a serpent or phoenix familiar. If a serpent is summoned, the boss faces the north of the room and fires an attack through the center, extending to both ends of the arena. If a phoenix is summoned, the left and right sides of the arena are covered in fire, with the center acting as a safe zone.
Flameviper: High damage tankbuster. The attack has a small line AoE, so anyone in front of, behind or next to the main tank will take high damage.
Reforged Reflection: The boss will shed his chains on a part of his body, signaling a series of attacks. If it's his arm, the boss will cast Into the Shadows and Gorgospit. If the boss' legs are freed, he will cast Blazing Footfalls and Rearing Rampage.
Into the Shadows: The boss calls upon two Gorgons, who will move about underground with a gaze indicator over their heads. They will circle around underground before popping up and casting Petrification. Any player facing the direction of these Gorgons will be debuffed with Petrification, and be unable to move or execute actions. Players will also take higher damage in this state. The Gorgons will then be targetable and begin casting Gorgoneion, which will deal high raidwide damage if allowed to finish casting. Later, this will also summon four Illusory Hephaistos at each corner of the arena, who will cast Gorgospit along the edges of the arena, leaving only the center safe.
Gorgospit: The boss faces a random player's direction and fires a telegraphed line AoE.
Blazing Footfalls: The boss will move to an edge of the arena, and telegraph several large knockback markers. He will then leap to them one by one. Knockback mitigation does not prevent the knockback here.
Rearing Rampage: Unavoidable roomwide AoE.
Ektothermos: Unavoidable roomwide AoE.
Fourfold Flames: the boss drops a proximity marker in each corner of the room, which players must avoid by moving to the center of the arena. These markers will turn into puddles that the boss will tether to.
Cthonic Vent: The boss will tether to two puddles, and large fire serpents will leap out of them and into another puddle, causing an eruption that takes up roughly a quarter of the arena each.
Volcanic Torches: The boss summons three blue flames that move along the marked lines of the floor. These flames will trace out a path covering three quarters of the arena, closing off the lines and turning that part of the floor into an AoE that deals high damage. Later, this will only summon two flames.
Hemitheos's Flare: Each player is marked with an AoE that will shortly explode, dealing moderate damage.

Strategy:
The boss will start off with a Genesis of Flame, hitting the entire raid for medium damage. He will then move to the center and cast Sunforge three times, first summoning a serpent, attacking the center third of the arena with a line AoE, the second summoning a phoenix, attacking the outer two thirds of the arena, and the third either a serpent or a phoenix. He will then cast Flameviper, dealing high damage to the tank and inflicting a Bleed debuff. If anyone is between the boss and the main tank, or behind the tank, they will take high damage as well. Following this, the boss will return to center and cast Reforged Reflection, summoning a Gorgon to his arm. He will cast Into the Shadows, sending two Gorgons around the arena underground with gaze markers above their heads. When they pop out they will instantly debuff anyone looking at them with Petrification, immobilizing them and preventing the use of actions. They will then become targetable and begin slow casting Gorgoneion, which will wipe the raid if it finishes casting. Both tanks should take a Gorgon. Meanwhile, the boss will be targeting random players, turning toward them and casting Gorgospit, an instant-kill move if any are hit by the wide line AoE. When both Gorgons are dead, the boss will cast Ektothermos, a high damage raidwide AoE. Healers should be ready for this. The boss will banish his Gorgon arm and cast Fourfold Fires.

After the proximity markers resolve, they will leave behind lava puddles. The boss will tether to two of them and cast Cthonic Vent, erupting two of them in a massive AoE. Two fire serpents will jump out and into another random puddle, repeating the attack. Simply pay attention to where the serpents move to avoid damage. The boss will cast another Sunforge, calling on one of the familiars at random. Players need to pay attention and move to the proper safe zone. This will be followed by another Genesis of Flame, and another Reforged Reflection, this time releasing the chains on his legs.

The boss will leap to one of the edges of the arena and cast Blazing Footfalls, telegraphing a knockback line in the center of the arena, and then two other telegraphed knockback markers around the arena. Using knockback mitigation won't work here, so players must position themselves close to the markers with their backs lined up to where they would like to move. If players aren't close enough, they will be knocked back into the edge of the arena, where they will be debuffed with a high-damage Burns until they move out of the flames. Each touchdown will deal damage, as will the knockback. The boss will follow this up with Rearing Rampage, an unavoidable roomwide AoE, then return to normal.

The boss will move to the center of the arena and cast Volcanic Torches. This will summon three blue flames that will draw a line along the marked paths of the arena floor. If the segment of the floor is surrounded on all sides by a blue line, it will erupt once the flames reach the beginning of their line again. Only one segment of the floor will be safe, so players should watch which direction the fire turns and move to the edge of the arena in the opposite direction. Getting hit by this attack will kill a player. The boss will cast this twice, casting Hemitheos's Flare at the same time. This will require players to locate the safe segment of the floor, then spread out.

The boss will then cast another Sunforge, Genesis of Flame and a Flameviper. From here he will use Reforged Reflection again and summon the Gorgon arm. The only difference is now the boss will also summon four Illusory Hephaistos at each corner of the arena, who will cast Gorgospit along the edges of the arena, leaving only the center safe. He will also cast Volcanic Torches, but there will only be two flames this time. These will disappear after the cast however, then the section repeats as it did before. The boss will cast Ektothermos to end the transformation, and he will cast Fourfold Fires and Cthonic Vent. Only this time the serpents will jump three times, and the boss will cast Volcanic Torches again. After another two Genesis of Flame, the boss will use Reforged Reflection again, and use Blazing Footfalls and Rearing Rampage. The only difference is there will be three knockback markers this time. Then he will revert back and the fight will loop from here until the boss is defeated.
</cleaned_strategy_text>