<cleaned_strategy_text>
Objectives
Clear Ingenuity's Foothold: 0/1
Clear the Path: 0/1
Clear the Monument to Destruction: 0/1
Clear the Endless City: 0/1
Clear the Circle of Inquiry: 0/1
Clear the Twin Halls: 0/1

Bosses
Owing to its lack of an item level sync, players are often able to deal enough damage to skip notable mechanics in multiple bosses, such as Nald'thal's Tipped Scales.

Byregot
The arena is initially surrounded by a border that will inflict Electrocution, dealing high damage-over-time to players standing in it.
Byregot's Ward: Tankbuster.
Ordeal of Thunder: Unavoidable raidwide damage.
Byregot's Strike: Knockback from a random point around the middle of the arena. The blue center itself deals lethal damage.
Builder's Build: This attack is combined with Byregot's Strike. Around Byregot will sprout 4 thin conal AoEs. They will not start from the boss's current position but will be translated into the center of the Byregot's Strike's knockback circle.
The boss will then transition into a different arena, knocking out two sides and replacing the floor with blocks. Hammers will then appear next to the blocks, which will knock the blocks 1 tile to the side after a few seconds. Player positions are unaffected. Anyone whose blocks slide beneath their feet will fall to their death.
Levinforge: A purple hammer will appear on a single tile. This hammer will create a line AoE in a long column, and can be pushed if the row it is on has a hammer on it. Players must predict the movement of the purple hammer while making sure not to have the ground fall beneath their feet to another hammer.
Byregot's Spire: Byregot will jump to one side and start casting a massive line AoE in the center 3 columns. Meanwhile, hammers appear on the outside to push the blocks just before the cast goes off. Players must predict where the blocks will be knocked by avoiding the center 3 columns and standing on a row in the center that will be knocked to another side and standing in the freshly made safe area.
Reproduce: Byregot will split up into 5 clones of himself placed on the longer wall, which each cast Cloud to Ground, a circle AoE that will travel in a line down the arena (exoflare style). Some of the clones will have lightning surrounding them, meaning that their AoEs will travel faster than the ones that do not have lightning. Players should stand in line with a slow pattern and then cross over once the faster set has passed them.

Rhalgr's Emissary
Destructive Strike: Cleave tankbuster.
Bolts from the Blue: Unavoidable raidwide damage.
Destructive Static: The boss will hold its axe along one shoulder and cleave the other half of the arena.
Lightning Bolt: Two bolts of lightning will come out from the boss and draw a line to the wall, turn 90 degrees, and back again. Any players caught in the drawn area will be hit with heavy damage. After the attack, puddles will appear on random players. In the later half of the fight, the boss may also start another Destructive Static attack to resolve immediately after the main attack.
Boltloop: Two circle AoEs will appear on opposite sides of the arena, followed by an expanding donut AoE.

Rhalgr
Note that players can fall off the arena to their death.
Lightning Reign: Unavoidable raidwide damage.
Advent of the Eighth: Two colored portals will appear, splitting the arena in two. Rhalgr will pull back one of his hands, casting Hand of the Destroyer and preparing to punch one colored portal, hitting the same colored half with a massive fist AoE.
Broken World: A flare comet will appear on the bottom of the hand. If this is casted in addition to Advent of the Eighth, the mechanics will change. If Rhalgr is punching the portal next to the comet, he will break the comet into pieces and spread the flare marker across the fingers of the hand, leaving the only safe zone directly under the comet. Otherwise, the hand will punch half of the arena and the flare marker will resolve as normal, followed by an unavoidable circle AoE on random players.
The first time these attacks are combined, there will only be a single red portal instead. Shortly after, it is repeated with two portals, but will always result in the comet being punched again.
Rhalgr's Beacon: A knockback circle will appear in the center of the arena, as well as 5 green arrow lines indicating where you will be knocked back. Players must make sure they position on a line that aligns with the ground of a finger, as they will stop the knockback.
Hell of Lightning: Places purple lightning orbs on some of the fingers, which should be avoided when deciding where to be knocked back into.
Bronze Work: Two sets of thin conal AoEs will appear from the boss. Stand in the second cone AoE and then move out of it when the first one goes off.
Destructive Bolt: Tankbuster on all 3 tanks.

Lion of Aglaia and Lioness of Aglaia
Double Immolation: Unavoidable raidwide damage.
Slash and Burn: The lioness will be marked with a donut AoE while the lion will be marked with a circle AoE. The dots above them show the order in which the mechanics resolve.
Roaring Blaze: The two lions will each mark half of the arena in front of them with an AoE. The dots above them show the order in which they resolve.
When a lion is killed, the mechanics will simplify.
If only the Lion of Aglaia is alive:
Roaring Blaze: Cleaves half of the arena.
Trial by Fire: Circle AoE in the center of the caster.
If only the Lioness of Aglaia is alive:
Roaring Blaze: Cleaves half of the arena.
Spinning Slash: Donut AoE in the center of the caster.
A common approach is to kill the lion first. Because the lioness's donut AoE allows for full melee uptime, and the lion's point-blank AoE doesn't, killing the lion first makes the second half of the fight quicker.

Azeyma
Warden's Warmth: Three tankbusters.
Warden's Prominence: Unavoidable raidwide damage.
Solar Wings: Two wide cones to the boss's flanks, spawning 6 fiery orbs where the AoE hit that explode after some time.
Later on, the boss will also spawn illusions of herself, which will move to some of the orbs. The boss will then cast Haute Air, causing the illusions to knock the orbs forward right before they explode. Players must predict the trajectory of the orbs to not get hit by a stray orb.
Solar Fans: Two fans will start from the boss and move to opposite walls with a line AoE trailing behind them.
Radiant Rhythm: The fans will repeatedly move 90 degrees around the edge of the arena.
Radiant Finish: Both fans will explode in two massive circle AoEs. Once they start moving, players need to quickly move towards the cardinal directions without the fans.
Solar Fold: The arena will be divided into four quadrants with bars of flame.
Sun's Shine: Illusions will appear on the edge of the arena. After a while, the clones will blow the fire from the Solar Fold aoes into the quadrant across from them. Note that this does not affect the quadrant directly in front of it. Initially, this will spawn 2 illusions, but later on there will be 3, leaving only one quadrant safe.
Fleeting Spark: A large 270 degree cleave to the boss' front and flanks. Non-telegraphed and goes off rather quickly. The message "flames gather around Azeyma's feet" and her voiceline "I've quite warmed to you!" are used to signal this attack.
Wildfire Ward: A large portion of the arena will be covered in flame, leaving only a triangle in the center safe. Three knockback lines will then appear in sequence. Players must memorize the sequence that they appear in and position themselves in the center or else they will be knocked into the fire, which will inflict Burns, dealing high damage-over-time. Player can also use knockback immunity to cover two of the three knockbacks.
Noble Dawn: A flaming ball will appear in the center and highlight random areas for fiery circle puddles, which then expand into a medium circle AoE. The firey areas don't deal any damage, only the explosion at the end will.
Sublime Sunset: Azeyma positions herself to kick the flaming ball into one side of the map, placing a flare AoE at where it will be kicked to. Players should run to the side opposite of the orb.

The Traders: Nald'thal
The arena is surrounded by a border that will deal high damage-over-time if players contact it.
Several of Nald'thal's attacks have dual-color orange and blue indicators. These attacks have effects based on which of the brothers is currently the active "head" of their shared body, with orange corresponding to Nald and blue to Thal. Only the AoEs the same color as the active brother will be real, while the other color's indicators are fake. Occasionally, the brothers will swap places during a cast, changing which part of the attack will go off. The ewers that surround Nald'thal will glow the color of the active brother, as will the background of the arena. These indicators also change when they swap, with the background color having a noticable transition effect.
Golden Tenet: Stack tankbuster, which must either be shared between the three tanks or invulned.
Stygian Tenent: Individual tankbusters on all three tanks. Each tankbuster is a small AoE.
As Above, So Below: Unavoidable raidwide damage that transitions the arena.
Hells' Trial: Stronger unavoidable raidwide damage.
Heat Above, Flames Below: An orange circle AoE in melee range and a larger blue ring AoE outside of that. Both AoEs combined cover the entire arena.
Heavens' Trial: Three unavoidable conal AoEs on three random players and a stack marker on a fourth random player.
Far Above, Deep Below: Three blue chaser AoEs on random players and an orange line stack on another random player.
Once Above, Ever Below: Four sets of three traveling AoEs will appear in lines. Two of the sets will be orange, while the other two are blue. When the cast finishes, the active AoEs will travel in the directions indicated by their arrows. The inactive AoEs will not resolve and disappear.
Hell of Fire: Thal blasts half of the arena with lasers in the direction he's facing. If Thal is in control, this direction is forward. If Nald is in control, the direction is backward. The brothers will occasionally swap during the cast. The lasers will move with the swap.
Wayward Soul: Large balls will fall from the sky, leaving a large circle AoE where they fall. This ends with a section where the balls fall in a spiral and players must move in a circle around the boss.
Fired Up: Several positions on the arena will be marked with diamonds indicating the order they will go off as well as circular indicator above them. If the indicator is a blue dot, a circle AoE will appear at its position. If the indicator is a yellow dot with arrows expanding arrows, a knockback will appear at its position. The boss will release the indicators after casting Fortune's Flux. The knockback is strong. If there are two knockbacks, players need to position themselves close to the first so they are knocked close to the second, then quickly adjust if needed to be knocked across safe ground again.
Soul's Measure: The boss will create three stationary adds and tether each alliance to them, and the adds will take on the appearance of a random party member from the tethered alliance.
Twingaze: A thin cone AoE targeting a random player.
Magmatic Spell: Three stack markers that should be taken separately by each alliance.
Tipped Scales: Nald'thal measures the weight of your souls, as well as the souls of the adds you killed. Each player will be inflicted with On Balance during this mechanic. The arena is split in half, and players must work together to keep the scale balanced, which will be indicated visually at the north side of the arena. Each player counts as 1 weight and the dead adds weigh either 2 or 3. To easily balance the scale, each player should move to the opposite side of the add they were tethered to. At the end of the cast, Nald'thal will Petrify the alliance, preventing everyone from moving during the judgment. If the scales are unbalanced, the alliance will be wiped. Otherwise, the attack will deal moderate raidwide damage. After surviving the attack, Nald'thal will bestow a permanent Damage Up buff to the entire alliance and fully charge each alliance's Limit Break bar.
Hearth Above, Flight Below: A combination of Heat Above, Flames Below and Far Above, Deep Below. Players must stand in the safe color area while resolving either the line stack or chasing AoEs depending on the active color.
</cleaned_strategy_text>