<cleaned_strategy_text>
Video Guide

Refurbisher 0
There is an opening trash encounter against Faust Z. It uses a tankbuster cleave that can be mitigated between both tanks.

For the encounter with Refurbisher 0, the room is divided into four quadrants. There will be interactable Power Generators and dead enemies (scrap metal) on the floor. The goal here is to move the power generators adjacent to the enemies to revive them, so that the off-tank can drag the enemies to a quadrant that will be engulfed in lava. The adds must be killed before the lava appears or the boss will instead be buffed! Any players caught in the lava will be inflicted with a strong Burns damage-over-time. Once moved, power generators cannot be moved again.

Eventually, a Full Metal Faust add is spawned, dealing proximity based damage as it arrives. Move away from its spawn point to mitigate. This add has enough HP to survive the first lava zone appearing, and functions as a DPS check. The off-tank needs to move Full Metal Faust to the opposite corner of where he spawns, as this will be the third quadrant to be consumed in lava. The lava pits spawn much faster during this phase, so moving to the far side should give the party enough time to DPS him down. When Full Metal Faust appears Refurbisher 0 becomes invulnerable, so all damage must be focused on Faust. If Full Metal Faust contacts lava while still alive the raid will instantly wipe!

Once Full Metal Faust is killed, the boss can be damaged again. Mechanics repeat from this point. If Refurbisher 0 manages to rebuilt all his body components (due to failed add/lava mechanics), the raid will wipe.

Refurbisher 0 Abilities
Scrap - A column attack on the main tank. Don't cleave the party.
Scrap Burst - Orange markers that drop meteors. Players must hide behind these meteors to avoid damage and a Bleeding damage-over-time debuff from the follow-up attack.
Scrapline - Large 270 degree frontal cone AoE. Everyone, tanks included, should move behind the boss for this.
Scrapbomb - a stack marker, the entire raid should stand together to share the damage. Healers shield and heal as necessary.
</cleaned_strategy_text>