<cleaned_strategy_text>
Strategy

Cruise Chaser
This is another fight that requires players to pay attention to what the boss is doing in order to dodge mechanics or stand in the correct place to make sure mechanics resolve properly.

Phase 1
Left/Right Laser Sword: The boss will telegraph what side the attack will come out on, and the entire side of the stage the boss is attacking will be hit by an AoE. Move to the safe side.

Optical Sight: This attack has 'tells' that reveal what type of attack is coming out next:
Pattern 1: Two large orbs: The center of the room will be bombed, so players need to move to the edge to avoid.
Pattern 2: Small orbs evenly spaced: Random players will be targeted by the Hawk Blasters. Players should stack in the center to bait the AoEs, then spread out to avoid.
Pattern 3: Small orbs unevenly spaced: Two blasts will drop on opposite sides of the arena and rotate around the arena going clockwise, then finally drop in the center. Players should stay in the center, then dodge out to avoid the final hit.

E.D.D: This ad should be picked up by the off tank. Players need to destroy its armor in order to disrupt its cast of Overboost, which gives a massive Damage Up buff. The ad can be burned down at this point.

Spin Crusher: A fixed-direction frontal cleave. Move behind the boss to avoid.

Whirlwind: High raid-wide damage, Mitigate and heal through.

Optical Sight: Random players are marked by Super Hawk Blasters and have large AoEs spawn under them. Players need to spread out to avoid stacking damage, as the attack also debuffs with Magic Vulnerability Up, meaning getting hit by more than one blast will kill the player.

These mechanics will repeat until the boss reaches 75% HP.

Phase 2
Limit Cut: The boss becomes invulnerable, receives a Damage Up buff, and proceeds with mechanics.

Numbers: Players are numbered 1-8. Odd numbered players are blue, even numbered players are red. Players should pair up in numerical order (1 pairs with 2, etc.).

Alpha Sword: The boss spawns behind odd numbered players and casts a frontal cone. Odd numbered players should look away from the center of the room.

Super Blassty Charge: A line charge from odd player to their even partner. Even players will receive knockback if they are facing away but won't if they are facing the attack.

To handle these mechanics, players should assign a location on the arena to handle these attacks. Odd players should stand near the edge facing away from the arena, while the even player should stand at the edge facing them. The boss will attack pairs in order, so once a pair group handles their attack, other players can move in. After these attacks resolve the boss will be targetable again.

Photon: Reduces players HP to single digits. Healers need to top them off quickly as the boss follows this up with Whirlwind, followed by another Laser Sword.

Blast Off: The boss will leap into the air from the center of the arena, knocking players back. Ducts will open on the arena and players will have to quickly interact with them in order to be knocked onto the boss's back. The boss will then take off and destroy the arena, killing anyone who didn't get to a duct fast enough. He will move to another arena that is surrounded by electricity. Players will jump off and there will be a massive AoE in the center to avoid the boss landing.

Phase 3
Limit Cut: Like last time the boss will become invincible and receive a Damage Up buff. He will then spawn 4 large orbs.

Lapis Lazuli: These orbs must be destroyed before the boss casts Eternal Darkness. While burning down the orbs the boss will be using various attacks.

Laser X Sword: Heavy-hitting tankbuster that must be split between both the main tank and off tank, and both must use cooldowns to survive.

Aetheroplasm: Random players are tethered to orbs that spawn off the arena and slowly move towards who they're tethered to. The further the orbs have to travel, the less damage they deal to their respective player. When they reach their player, they drop a puddle. These don't deal damage, but if a second puddle is placed on top of them, they explode and wipe the raid.

Assualt Cannons: Fire line AoEs, simply move out of the way of these.

Eternal Darkness: If all the Lapis Lazuli are dead by the time this goes off, The attack will deal damage and a Pyretic debuff. Simply shield and heal through. If the orbs aren't dead however, this will be a wipe.

Pyretic: This debuff will deal 500HP of damage per action a player takes. Players need to be aware of their HP and be careful not to die. This debuff will last the next time the boss uses Blast Off around 45% HP.

The mechanics for this phase will repeat with Whirlwind, Spin Crusher and Optical Sight. The boss will also cycle through Photon, Laser X Sword, summoning an E.D.D ad, another Photon/Whirlwind combo, and a Laser Sword.

Depending on your DPS in this phase you may see the boss use another Limit Cut. The boss will become invincible again and spawn a Plasma Shield that can only be attacked from the front.

The boss can also use a Super Blassty Charge, this time however it will inflict a heavy debuff on everyone that is hit, so players should spread out.

Phase 4
The boss will use Blast Off once again, players will interact with the ducts once again and enter the new arena with three Multifield Pillars. These can be hit by both players and the boss's attacks via incidental damage. If all three are destroyed, the platform will collapse.

GA-100: The off tank is marked for a blast, and the attack deals proximity damage. The off tank has to move to one side of the arena, while the rest of the party moves to the other side.

The boss will follow up with two Optical Sight casts, so evade accordingly, being careful not to hit any of the pillars with AoE damage from the Super Hawk Blasts. The boss will use another Laser X Sword attack, and Assault Canons will spawn, firing line AoEs around the arena that players have to avoid.

Another Photon/Whirlwind combo comes out, then the boss uses Propeller Wind, which confuses every player it hits. To avoid this attack, players need to get behind one of the pillars to break the Line of Sight of this attack to survive.

Limit Cut: This version of the attack is the exact same as the first one, players must simply be careful around the pillars.

From here, the mechanics repeat. The boss will use another Limit Cut and summon a Plasma Shield for players to burn down and will also use Super Blassty Charge. Be warned, one hit of this attack will destroy the pillars. The fight will continue until either the players defeat the boss, or it enrages, and the party is wiped.
</cleaned_strategy_text>