<cleaned_strategy_text>
Strategy
Refurbisher 0
This fight consists of mechanics that repeat through each phase, with each phase adding new mechanics to the fight that players must take into consideration when maneuvering around the boss.

In each phase, quadrants of the walls around the arena will begin to glow, indicating that part of the floor will flood with lava. Standing in the lava will deal high damage and inflict a heavy fire Damage over Time debuff. This lava is also used to handle another mechanic that repeats through the fight.

Every phase, Scrap Bots will spawn around the arena, along with Energy Generators. The boss uses these bots to rebuild parts of its body if they aren't destroyed. Players will use the generators to revive the bots, drag them to the glowing areas, burn them down and melt their bodies in the lava. This will prevent the boss from using them to rebuild parts of its body.

Before the fight begins, assign 2 players to handle grabbing the generators and placing them near the ads. It is recommended to assign the off tank and a healer.

The boss will start with three debuffs: Left Arm Reassembly, Right Arm Reassembly, and Main Hull Reassembly. Absorbing different Scrap Bots will reduce these debuffs by one stack, as well as add a permanent Damage Up buff. When the debuff is completely removed, the boss will regrow parts of its body and add new attacks to its repertoire. If the boss regrows its main hull, it will cast Scrap Storm and wipe the party.

Phase 1
At the beginning of the fight, three bots will drop, and the boss will immediately cast Stockpile, absorbing them and re-growing its right arm. This is unavoidable, so use this time to deal damage. After this the boss will begin to attack.

Scrap: The boss casts a frontal column attack on the primary enmity target, namely the main tank. All other players should stand behind the boss.

A quadrant of the room will begin to glow and two sets of three bots will spawn along with two generators. Have assigned players grab the generators and place them near the ads, where they will cast Energy Discharge and awaken the bots, who will tether to the player that aggros them first. The off tank should be ready to pick these up and move them to the glowing quadrant where the rest of the party will quickly destroy them.

Scrap Burst: Players will be marked with markers, on which rocks will drop. These rocks will not deal damage, and it is best to drop them near the boss as close as possible. The boss will then cast a room-wide AoE that can only be avoided by hiding behind the rocks.

Stockpile: The boss will pull any remaining ads, living or dead, into itself, removing stacks of its debuff and buffing its damage.

Scrapline: A massive AoE with no cast bar. Players must avoid this by standing behind the boss, while the main tank stands in front and uses cooldowns to survive.

Phase 2
Mechanics from the first phase will repeat here, however the boss has additional attacks:

Acid Rain: Four players will randomly be targeted with markers which spawn AoEs. The damage will also deal splash damage, so players should avoid standing near marked players.

Players will move the generators to the ads and handle them the same way as before.

Scrap Bomb: A player will be marked with a stack marker. Group up to mitigate the damage. The boss will try to use Stockpile again and follow up with another Scrapline.

Phase 3
At the start of this phase, Full-Metal Faust will spawn as indicated by a proximity marker, which players should move as far away from as possible. Once it spawns, it will tether to the boss and render it almost invulnerable. Faust should be picked up immediately and kept out of the lava, since if it touches the lava, it will cast Scorched Earth and wipe the raid. The off tank will be responsible for grabbing the Faust and pulling it around the arena to avoid the lava quadrants, which will now spawn quicker than before. During this, the boss will cast Scrapline and Acid Rain again. Keep moving the Faust and burn it down as quickly as possible, making sure it dies on a glowing quadrant so it can be melted down. Once it is defeated, the boss will take normal damage again. The boss will use Scrapburst and Stockpile again.

Phase 4
The boss's mechanics and attacks will repeat here, however a new ad will spawn, an Alarum. The Alarum should not be burned up, instead attack it and pull it over onto one of the dividers between the sections and defeat it. When it dies, it will drop a puddle that inflicts Minimum on whoever enters it. This puddle is needed for a mechanic later, so its important that all players can access it.

Ads will spawn again, but this time only one generator will spawn, meaning its only possible to melt one mob of enemies. Do so, separating for Acid Rain, and when it casts Stockpile it will regrow its left arm. It will then cast Double Scrapline, a 360-degree attack that is unavoidable and will wipe the party unless players step into the puddle and receive the Minimum debuff, shrinking you below the attack.

Phase 5
The phase will repeat as the others before, except now Scrap Bombs will also spawn in the quadrants of the room. Be sure to pull the Alarum out of the range of the bombs, as they can explode and destroy it. Dodge the boss's various attacks, dropping rocks next to the boss and burn the ads down on the glowing quadrant.

Phase 6
By this point, all of the boss's mechanics will repeat the same as the previous phase. Burn the boss down while dodging the attacks. Eventually the boss will spawn too many ads to revive and rebuild its hull, casting Scrap Storm and wiping the party. Defeat the boss before then.
</cleaned_strategy_text>