<cleaned_strategy_text>
Strategy
Omega-M & Omega-F
The battle takes place upon a large circular platform. Any player who jumps (or is pushed) over the edge will fall to an early doom, though they may be raised by a healer after a moderate delay.

General Mechanics
Omega's Eye - all players must be wary of the large mechanical eyeball located outside of the arena. Periodically, it will alter its position and unleash either a straight-line or point-blank AoE across the platform. At the beginning of the battle, Omega's Eye will always be positioned to the north, and will only move to cardinal points around the arena (N, S, E, W).
Suppression - causes Omega's Eye to unleash a massive straight-line AoE across the arena, leaving small safe zones to the sides of the beam. After doing so, Omega's Eye will teleport to another cardinal position.
Advanced Suppression - causes Omega's Eye to unleash a massive point blank AoE from its location, leaving a crescent moon area (farthest away from the eye) as a safe spot. After doing so, Omega's Eye will teleport to another cardinal position.
Electric Slide - causes Omega-M and/or Omega-F to devolve into a non-targetable puddle of synthetic goop. Shortly afterwards, both healers will be targeted with a stack marker, forcing the raid to split into two groups and stack with each victim to soak the damage. After a brief delay, the unformed goop will divide into two parts, with each part leaping towards a marked victim. After landing on the platform, Omega-M and Omega-F will form from the synthetic puddles. As a result, players can pre-position themselves so that Omega-M and Omega-F spawn in specific locations, keeping in mind that Omega-M will always cast Efficient Bladework (point-blank AoE) at his location, whilst Omega-F casts Discharger (knockback).

Omega-M
NOTE: Whenever Omega-M is formed from synthetic goop, he will always cast Efficient Bladework - a point-blank AoE at his current location (with no telegraph) before becoming active.
Synthetic Shield - equips Omega-M with a synthetic shield that will allow him to execute specific abilities.
Beyond Defense - causes Omega-M to dash towards a random player, inflicting moderate AoE damage and a Magic Vulnerability Up debuff against the primary target, as well as anyone else caught in the blast zone. As a result, the raid should avoid stacking during Beyond Defense to ensure that the damage and debuffs do not overlap onto other players. Beyond Defense is immediately followed by Pile Pitch.
Pile Pitch - a direct follow-up to Beyond Defense - which causes Omega-M to select a random target and blast the victim with a shareable AoE attack. The raid will need to stack up to share the damage of Pile Pitch, except for the previous victim of Beyond Defense, who will still be suffering from Magic Vulnerability Up. Seeing as one attack requires avoiding players whilst the other requires stacking, players should spread evenly within the safe-zones of upcoming Suppression beams, wait for a player to be hit by Beyond Defense, and then have everyone except the victim stack together to absorb the follow-up attack.

Omega-F
NOTE: Whenever Omega-F is formed from synthetic goop, she will always cast Discharger - a raidwide knockback from her location before becoming active.
Synthetic Blades - causes Omega-F to morph her legs into sharpened blades that will allow her to execute specific abilities.
Superliminal Motion - causes Omega-F to charge up a 300 degree AoE directly in front of her, leaving only a thin safe-spot directly behind her.
Optimized Fire III - causes Omega-F to blast all members of the raid simultaneously with a flaming AoE. Bear in mind that Optimized Fire III has no telegraph nor cast-time, thus all players must learn exactly when the ability will be used throughout the encounter and move to pre-assigned positions or patterns to avoid overlapping each other with damage.
Optimized Blizzard III - creates two straight-line AoEs across the arena through Omega-F's front and sides, forming a cross-shape (+). For the sake of ease, it is always wise to have Omega-F facing a cardinal direction (such as north) so that the AoEs remain predictable. Bear in mind that Optimized Blizzard III is typically followed by Optimized Fire III.

Omega-M+F
Firewall - causes Omega-M and Omega-F to inflict Packet Filter (M or F) onto nearby players, rendering them incapable of damaging the other Omega form for as long as the debuff persists.
Resonance: (Local) or (Remote) - provides Omega-M and Omega-F with lethal damage buffs depending on their proximity to the other form. If Resonance (Local) is active, both forms will need to be kept separate from each other to prevent both forms from gaining lethal damage. The opposite is true for Resonance (Remote), requiring both forms to be kept close together to avoid the lethal damage buffs. The initial cast of Resonance is random, whereas the second cast will always involve the version that was not previously used. For example, if the first cast of Resonance is (Local), the next will always be (Remote).
Fundamental Synergy - causes Omega-M and Omega-F to place markers (numbered from 1-to-4) on their respective half of the raid - blue markers for Omega-M and purple markers for Omega-F (see Firewall). After a brief delay, each form will start dashing towards their numbered targets (1, 2, 3, 4), inflicting AoE damage and applying Magic Vulnerability Up to each victim and any player overlapping the target. Furthermore, the damage is greatly increased depending on how close consecutive targets are to each other during collisions. A typical method of handling Fundamental Synergy is to have all odd-numbered players (1 & 3) move to the opposite side of the platform, making sure not to stand anywhere near other players. By doing so, each Omega form will criss-cross a large distance per numbered target, preventing players from taking colossal (or even fatal) damage. Players will be unable to avoid receiving at least one Magic Vulnerability Up debuff, thus it is imperative that everyone avoids overlapping seeing as further collisions from either Omega-M and Omega-F (on an already debuffed player) will likely be fatal.
Laser Shower - bombards the arena with unavoidable raidwide damage.
Solar Ray - a vicious tankbuster against both tanks, dealing major damage in a small area around each victim. As a result, all non-tanks should make sure that they are not standing anywhere near either tank during Solar Ray casts.
Operational Synergy - typically cast after Synthetic Blades (Omega-F) or Synthetic Shield (Omega-M) to signify an upcoming mini-phase of overlapping mechanics from both forms at the same time.
Operational Synergy (Shield Version): Players will need to contend with Beyond Defense (Omega-M) + Optimized Blizzard III (Omega-F), followed by an immediate Pile Pitch (Omega-M) + Optimized Fire III (Omega-F). From here, players will have to avoid Beyond Strength - a donut AoE covering the entire platform with a safe spot directly inside Omega-M's hitbox - followed by Efficient Bladework (point-blank AoE), forcing the raid to run from the safe spot, with Omega-F casting a Laser Shower. The mini-phase ends with an additional Laser Shower from both forms.
Operational Synergy (Blades Version): Players will need to deal with Superliminal Steel, forming two straight-line AoEs at the sides of the arena (relative to the direction Omega-F is facing), leaving a safe strip through the center. If Omega-F is facing north, for example, then the east and west of the arena will be marked with AoEs, whilst a vertical strip (from north to south) will be present through the middle of the arena. As soon as Superliminal Steel resolves, Omega-F will unleash an Optimized Blizzard III, whilst Omega-M uses Pile Pitch (forcing them to avoid straight-line AoEs as a stacked group to absorb the damage of Omega-M's attack). Superliminal Motion will trigger, forcing the raid to stand in a tiny safe spot directly behind Omega-F, shortly followed by Efficient Bladework (point-blank AoE from Omega-M), forcing the raid to retreat from that safe-spot as soon as possible. Whilst retreating, all players will be bombarded with Optimized Fire III from Omega-F, followed by Laser Shower from Omega-M. Just like the other mini-phase, the end is signified by both forms casting a unified Laser Shower together.
NOTE: The battle involves two casts of Operational Synergy. The first version is always random, whilst the second will always be the version that wasn't used previously.

Limit Break Phase
Before transitioning to the second phase of the battle, Omega-M and Omega-F will bombard the raid with their own versions of common Limit Breaks, as well as previously explained mechanics.
Optimized Meteor - applies a proximity marker to a random tank, marking them as the upcoming victim of a ranged-magic Limit Break 3, forcing them to run as far away from the group to reduce overall raid damage.
Optimized Sagittarius Arrow - applies an orange marker to a random tank, making them as the upcoming victim of a ranged-physical Limit Break 3. Once cast, Omega-M will unleash a column AoE from himself through the marked target. As a result, the marked tank must try to aim the attack away from the rest of the group.
Cosmo Memory - inflicts massive raidwide damage.
Laser Shower x2 - bombards the arena with unavoidable raidwide damage.
Optimized Bladedance - causes Omega-M and Omega-F to target a tank (one each) and attempt to annihilate them with a physical-melee Limit Break 2.

Phase 1: Mechanical Timeline
Here's a quick run-down of the mechanical timeline:
[The mechanical timeline is listed in detail]

Phase 2 - Mechanics & Abilities
Having transformed into its ultimate form, all further wipes will reset the battle to phase 2 (rather than the very beginning). Here's a list of all mechanics and abilities used throughout the phase, followed by a mechanical timeline which lists those abilities in the order they are used.
[The mechanics and abilities for Phase 2 are listed in detail]

Phase 2: Mechanical Timeline
Here's a quick run-down of the mechanical timeline:
[The mechanical timeline for Phase 2 is listed in detail]
</cleaned_strategy_text>