<cleaned_strategy_text>
Omega

Opening Phase
Atomic Ray - inflicts unavoidable raid-wide damage.
Mustard Bomb - a vicious tankbuster against Omega's primary target that deals damage in a very small area. Tanks should make sure that non-tank players are not stacked on top of them during the blast.
Ballistic Impact - marks all eight players with AoE circles, forcing them to spread apart to avoid overlapping damage. On detonation, the circles leave behind persistent puddles of fire that inflict a strong and non-dispellable Burns debuff on anyone who remains within the fire for too long. Bear in mind that Ballistic Impact will happen at the same time as Flame Thrower.
Flame Thrower - spawns eight evenly-distanced cone attacks that fan out from Omega's position, leaving similarly shaped safe-spots in-between each cone. Due to being executed at the same time as Ballistic Impact, all players will have very limited space to maneuver.
Wave Cannon - comes in two variations - Larboard Wave Cannon and Starboard Wave Cannon. Larboard shoots from Omega's left side, while Starboard does the same for its right side. Getting hit will deal very high damage and inflict Vulnerability Up. After using a Wave Cannon attack, Omega will spin around to face the opposite direction and use a second Wave Cannon attack in an attempt to confuse players. If you find yourself being tricked, it helps to remember a simple note: "Larboard" equals Left. If it's not Larboard, it's to Omega's right.
Peripheral Synthesis - creates a wall of Rocket Punch adds that will appear on one edge of the arena and slowly travel across it, inflicting very high damage, knock-back, and a stackable Vulnerability Up debuff to anyone they collide with. While these can be targeted, they have too much health to burn down in the usual fashion. Instead, players must utilize their Omega Jammer (Duty Action) to deal roughly half of its max health in damage. Omega telegraphs this attack by shouting "<blip> Reconstructing rocket-propelled armament."

Add Phase
After reaching roughly 70% health, Omega will exit the arena, leaving behind electro-puddles in the center and outer edges of the arena that will instantly kill anyone standing in it when it finishes forming, or at any point afterwards.
A Level Checker will spawn in the center AoE and begin to cast various Executables. Each cast of Executable inflicts the entire party with the Looper debuff, which changes into Memory Loss if its timer counts down to 0. Characters under the Memory Loss debuff will walk around randomly, nearly guaranteeing that the character will enter the blue puddles and die.
Executable #1 - spawns eight Particle Beam-style circles around the arena - one for each player to stand in. Standing inside the circle as its ability casts will dispel the Looper debuff from that player and deal minor damage with Storage Violation. If a circle is not occupied by the time its ability is fired, the whole party is hit with Critical Storage Violation for higher damage and a stack of a Damage Down debuff, making the DPS check harder.
Executable #2 - spawns a point-blank AoE centered on the Level Checker followed by four Particle Beam circles inside the first AoE, along with a ring AoE on the outside of the arena where the first did not hit. To avoid, all players will need to run away from the Level Checker to avoid the point-blank, then run towards it to dodge the outer-blast, giving everyone enough space to get inside the circles (two players each) to dispel their Looper debuffs.
After using Executable twice, the Level Checker will begin to long-cast Force Quit - a DPS check that results in a raid-wipe if the Level Checker is not slain in time.

Delta Attack Phase
As soon as Delta Attack begins to charge, an allied Conductive Focus will spawn in the center of the arena. All players will need to target this add and use their Omega Jammer (Duty Action) on it to build up the Electromagnetic Induction meter. Once the meter reaches 100%, a shield will form around the center of the arena, greatly reducing the damage dealt by Delta Attack. Failing to do this in time will result in Delta Attack wiping the entire raid.

Final Phase
After using Delta Attack, Omega will return to the arena and use the attacks from its first phase, but with a few new additions and changes.
(Improved) Peripheral Synthesis - will spawn 1-2 giant versions of the previous Rocket Punch adds at the edge(s) of the arena. After a moderate delay, these adds will launch across the platform in a straight line and devastate anyone caught in their path.
Electric Slide - creates a stack-marker on a random player. After a brief delay, Omega launches itself into the targeted player's location, inflicting shareable damage. All players must stack on the selected player to save them from a grisly fate.
(Improved) Mustard Bomb - causes every second cast of Mustard Bomb to tether itself to a random player. After the tethered Mustard Bomb is executed, Omega will hit the tethered player with a devastating area of effect blast that deals extremely high damage and inflicts Paralysis on everyone within range of the blast. As a result, the off-tank should grab the tether and move away from the group as soon as possible.
From here, Omega will begin to cycle through previously experienced mechanics in various combos until Omega has been defeated, or the raid wipes. Mechanical combinations include: Starboard and/or Larboard Wave Cannons (left or right beams), Atomic Ray (unavoidable raid-wide damage), both versions of Peripheral Synthesis simultaneously (i.e. slow-moving walls of small Rocket Punch adds and the huge straight-line charging fists at the same time), Electric Slide stack-markers, and more - but nothing you haven't witnessed already.
</cleaned_strategy_text>