<cleaned_strategy_text>
Strategy
Omega
Note that unlike Normal mode, players can fall off the edge of the arena to their death, although they can be resurrected after a short delay. In addition, the Omega Jammer Duty Action is unavailable to use in the Savage encounter.

Opening Phase
Atomic Ray - inflicts unavoidable raidwide damage.
Mustard Bomb - a vicious tankbuster against Omega's primary target that deals damage in a very small area. In savage mode, Mustard Bomb will also apply a short duration Bleed effect (6 seconds).
Flame Thrower - targets all active players and blasts them with a flaming cone-AoE from the center of Omega's hitbox. After dousing players in flame, Omega will follow-up with a blast of blue flame (Afterburner) in the same shape and direction as the previous flame thrower blast. Players hit by Flame Thrower will receive moderate damage, whereas those hit by Afterburner will suffer far greater damage and a hefty knockback. Everyone will need to bait the initial flame blast (without stacking on other players), then side-step the Afterburner.
Wave Cannon - comes in two variations - Larboard Wave Cannon and Starboard Wave Cannon. Larboard shoots from Omega's left side, while Starboard does the same for its right side. Getting hit will deal very high damage and inflict Vulnerability Up. After using a Wave Cannon attack, Omega will spin around to face the opposite direction and use a second Wave Cannon attack in an attempt to confuse players.
Peripheral Synthesis #1 - spawns a total of six (small) rocket-punch adds - half of which will be blue and the other half yellow - at the location of all four damage dealers and both healers, tracking their movements. After a brief delay, each fist will launch itself at the current location of the players that spawned them. If two fists of the same color collide with each other as a result, they will explode, dealing massive raidwide damage and afflicting nasty debuffs upon the group. However, if two fists of opposite color collide with each other, they will destroy themselves at no detriment to the group, leaving behind a collectable damage-up buff (Live Wire).

Add Phase
Executable #1 - inflicts a Looper debuff on all players, the duration of which will always be just below 14 seconds. If a player fails to dispel the Looper debuff for any reason, they will lose control of their character, forcing them to run around aimlessly, possibly walking into fatal danger-zones or being incapable of fulfilling important mechanics. To dispel the Looper debuff, players must successfully soak upcoming meteor mechanics.
Storage Meteors - creates four large yellow circles within the arena; each circle requiring at least one player to stand inside them before their respective 'meteor' hits the arena.
Ferrofluid - tethers pairs of players together and marks everyone with positive & negative symbols, (+) & (-). After a moderate delay, tethered players with opposite symbols (+ & -) will be pulled towards each other. Simultaneously, players with identical symbols (+ & + or - & -) will be pushed away from each other.

Executable #2
Executable #2 - inflicts a new set of Looper debuffs on all members of the raid that must be dispelled in the same manner as before. However, the Looper debuff will have varied durations per player: either 12 seconds, 21 seconds, or 29 seconds. Players with the shortest duration must cleanse their debuffs before those with higher durations.
Chain of Memory - afflicts the two farthest players from the Level Checker with a special debuff. While the Chain of Memory debuff is active, a visible straight-line AoE will be visible between the two affected players that will persist for the next half-a-minute. If any non-tethered players touch the purple line for any reason, they will succumb to confusion, causing the victim to wander around aimlessly. To make matters worse, the two tethered players will suffer a stackable debuff (Memory Degradation) if they remain close together. If either player acquires six stacks of Memory Degradation, they will become confused.
Storage Meteors - creates large yellow circles within the arena in a staggered fashion; each circle requiring at least one player to stand inside them before their respective 'meteor' hits the arena.
Reset - spawns a point-blank AoE underneath the level checker at various points throughout the tower-soaking process. All non-tethered players will need to move away from the level checker to avoid taking damage.

Delta Attack
With both Executables out of the way, the Level Checker will immediately begin to cast Force Quit. If the Level Checker has not been defeated by the time Force Quit is cast, the raid will suffer an unavoidable wipe.
If the Level Checker is successfully defeated, Omega will appear at the outer edge of the arena and prepare to blast the raid with its devastating Delta Attack - an unavoidable raid-blast. Unlike normal mode, players are not given a shield to survive the mechanic, so it is best to utilize a Limit Break 3 (Tank version) along with regular shields and healing to survive the ordeal.

Post Delta Attack
Ballistic Missiles - marks the entire group with AoE circles. Once detonated, all marked players will receive moderate damage and leave behind a persistent puddle of flame at their current location that will debuff players with a fatal Burns debuff if they remain inside for too long.
Flame Thrower - targets all active players and blasts them with a flaming cone-AoE from the center of Omega's hitbox, followed by a blast of Afterburner in the same shape and direction as the previous blast.
Wave Cannon - peppers the raid with more Larboard Wave Cannon and/or Starboard Wave Cannon while the Ballistic Missile flame puddles exist.
Mustard Bomb - the nasty tankbuster from earlier, except now, it is represented by a tether rather than manually cast against the primary target. Despite the minor difference in mechanic, the AoE component and Bleed component remain, so be sure to mitigate Mustard Bomb whenever possible and take the hit away from the group.
Blaster - creates a tether between Omega and a random healer that must be picked up by whichever tank is not presently dealing with Mustard Bomb. After detonation, Blaster will inflict tremendous damage within a massive AoE circle and also applies a debilitating HP Penalty on the initial target. If the target was not full HP at the time of the blast, they will also receive Doom.
Atomic Ray - inflicts unavoidable raidwide damage.
Peripheral Synthesis #2 - spawns a total of four (large) rocket-punch - one at each edge of the arena (N,S,E,W) - that will tether to one tank, one healer, and two damage dealers. After a delay, all fists will then simultaneously launch in a straight line from one end of the arena to the other, inflicting damage, knock-back, and Blunt Resist Down against anyone caught in their wake.
Electric Slide - creates a stack-marker on a random player. After a brief delay, Omega launches itself into the targeted player's location, inflicting shareable damage. All players must stack on the selected player to save them from a grisly fate.
Peripheral Synthesis #2 - repeats the large fist mechanic, except this time, they will tether to the four players who were NOT tethered previously (the other tank, the other healer, and the two other damage dealers).
Wave Cannon - peppers the raid with more Larboard Wave Cannon and/or Starboard Wave Cannon.
Update Program - increases the damage inflicted by Omega's auto-attacks and also 'updates' upcoming mechanics by giving them additional components.
(Updated) Flame Thrower - targets all active players and blasts them with a flaming cone-AoE from the center of Omega's hitbox, followed by a blast of Afterburner. Thanks to Update Program, the initial blast will now apply Burns to all players.
(Updated) Wave Cannon - Omega will utilize a Larboard(L) or Starboard(R) blast, then immediately follow up with a blast to the opposite side. This follow-up blast will not come with cast-times or telegraphs of any kind, so players will need to immediately rush to the opposite side of Omega after all Larboard or Starboard blasts.
Pantokrator #1 - a mini-phase that will spit out waves of mechanics. Firstly, unavoidable raidwide damage will be inflicted upon the group periodically, keeping healers on their toes for the entire duration of Pantokrator. Secondly, AoE circles will periodically spawn underneath four random players for the first half of Pantokrator (until four sets of AoE circles have been dropped). Thirdly, Omega will tag a random player with a stack-line marker after the fourth set of AoE circles. Finally, after the stack-line marker has concluded, Omega will tag the four closest players with orange markers. After a delay, Omega will shoot large straight-line AoE's through the marked players, inflicting moderate damage and a stackable Magic Vulnerability Up debuff on anyone caught in the blasts. Omega will then bombard the raid with four circular AoE's before repeating the mechanic a second time.
Long Needle Kyrios - creates a proximity blast in the center of the arena, forcing all players to move to the outer edges to reduce upcoming damage.
Blaster - creates a tether between Omega and a random healer that must be picked up by the off-tank and dragged away from the group.
Atomic Ray - inflicts unavoidable raidwide damage.
Peripheral Synthesis #3 - spawns a total of eight (small) rocket-punch adds (one per player) - all of which will be the same color. After a brief delay, each fist will launch itself at the current location of the players that spawned them. If two fists collide with each other, they will destroy each other and inflict survivable damage. If more than two fists collide for any reason, the raid will suffer far greater raidwide damage instead. If fists do not collide at all, the fist(s) will repeat their leap-attacks until it collides with another fist (or until the player is slain).
Mustard Bomb - the nasty tether-based tank buster.
Atomic Ray - inflicts unavoidable raidwide damage.
(Updated) Flame Thrower + Ballistic Missiles - marks the entire group with AoE circles that will leave behind persistent flame puddles after detonating. Simultaneously, players must content with the upgraded Flame Thrower (which applies Burns to all victims after the initial blast).
(Updated) Wave Cannon - Omega will utilize a Larboard(L) or Starboard(R) blast, then immediately follow up with a blast to the opposite side with no cast-time or telegraph. Players will need to move inside Omega's hitbox to avoid the previously dropped flame-puddles and remember to rush to the opposite side of Omega after all Larboard or Starboard blasts as soon as possible.
Pantokrator #2 - another mini-phase of mechanics (with two additional components and one altered mechanic to watch out for). (NEW) - Omega will begin to fire telegraphed cones of Flame Thrower that will essentially begin to travel around the arena in a clockwise or counter-clockwise motion for the first-half of Pantokrator. (NEW) - Omega will periodically target the player farthest away from it with Guided Missile, causing them to drop a large AoE circle at their location for the first half of Pantokrator. (SAME) - Unavoidable raidwide damage will be inflicted upon the group periodically. (SAME) - AoE circles will periodically spawn underneath four random players for the first half of Pantokrator (until four sets of AoE circles have been dropped). (SAME) - Omega will tag a random player with a stack-line marker half-way through Pantokrator (after the fourth set of AoE circles have been dropped). (NEW) - After the stack-line marker has concluded, Omega will aim a massive Diffuse Wave Cannon (massive cone AoE) in the direction of both tanks that will repeatedly fire until Pantokrator has concluded. As a result, each tank will need to move away from each other (and the rest of the group) so that these cone-based attacks do not overlap onto each other. As soon as Omega begins to barrage both tanks with Diffuse Wave Cannon, Omega will also tag the three closest players with orange markers. After a delay, Omega will shoot large straight-line AoE's through the marked players, inflicting moderate damage and a stackable Magic Vulnerability Up debuff on anyone caught in the blasts, then repeat the mechanic a second time.
Long Needle Kyrios - creates a proximity blast in the center of the arena, forcing all players to move to the outer edges to reduce upcoming damage.
(Updated) Wave Cannon x2 - Omega will utilize a Larboard(L) or Starboard(R) blast, then immediately follow up with a blast to the opposite side (twice in succession).
Charybdis - reduces all members of the raid to 1 HP.
Mustard Bomb + Blaster - the nasty tankbuster (tether) from earlier, along with a Blaster tether between Omega and a random healer that must be picked up the off-tank.
Atomic Ray x 3 - inflicts unavoidable raidwide damage three times in succession.
If still standing at this point in the battle, Omega will begin to long-cast LOOP - a hard enrage. If successfully cast, the entire raid will suffer an unavoidable wipe.
</cleaned_strategy_text>