<strategy_text>
Duty Support
Party member selection is available.

Objectives
Bear witness to the first doom: 0/1
Endure the first doom: 0/1
Bear witness to the second doom: 0/1
Endure the second doom: 0/1
Bear witness to the third doom: 0/1
Defeat Therion: 0/1

Bosses
The First Beast
Venomous Breath: Cone AOE directed at tank that inflicts Poison.
Meteor Rain: Targets the two DPS and the Healer with a large black circle AoE. When the AoE Markers disappear, they are replaced with a ground-targeted proximity AoE at the point each player was standing. This attack leaves behind boulders, which are necessary to evade other attacks.
The Falling Sky: Targets the ground below two random players with large circular AOEs. This attack later targets all four players.
The Final Sky: The First Beast will move to the east or west edge of the arena and begin casting. After which a meteor will fall onto the boss and inflict very high damage and a stack of Suppuration. Standing behind a boulder will block the attack.
After this attack, a building will begin to collapse, falling onto the arena, leaving only a narrow line on the opposite side of the arena from the boss. Getting crushed by the collapsed building deals extremely high damage.
Earthquake: Point-blank circle AoE around the boss.

Terminus Bellwether
Shrill Shriek: Room-wide AOE
The boss will then leave the area and mob waves will begin - burn these down as they spawn. Watch out for the tethering mobs and kill these first. Small AOEs will spawn from time to time so avoid these also
Burst: Slow-cast that will cause the boss to grow in size, as he grows he gains stacks of Bloated, which increases damage taken and dealt. Burst will cast on death for raidwide damage even if the castbar isn't full, so burn him down before he gains too many stacks.

Chthonic Riddle: Therion
Be careful, here! It's possible to fall off the stage. Additionally, the entirety of the arena behind Therion is covered in a fire puddle that deals damage over time.
Shadow Wreck: Room-wide AOE
Apokalypsis: A lingering line attack that takes up the entirety of the platform, with only small outcrops on each edge of the arena as safe areas. Each cast of Apokalypsis causes one of these outcroppings to crack and glow pink, signifying that the next cast of Apokalypsis will cause it to collapse, dropping any players standing on it off the arena to their deaths.
Therion Charge: Proximity damage marker and boss will leap forward, removing some of the area available.
Deathly Ray (Masks): Faces appear on left or right side and cast lingering line AoEs directly across. The masks on one side will fire first, followed by the opposite side. There is no warning as to which side will fire first, so the healer must keep everyone's HP high enough to potentially survive the first hit.
Deathly Ray (Therion): Lingering line directed at a random player. Additionally, two players will have ground-targeted AoEs appear below them.
</strategy_text>