<strategy_text>
This fight has 3 distinct phases, during which Gilgamesh uses the following moves and mechanics.

Phase 1
Abilities
Bitter End: a frontal cone AoE attack that has fairly long cast time. It can be easily avoided by moving out of the way.
Pradamante[1]: Unmarked instant cast AoE on a random player. Deals moderate damage to all players caught in it.
Toad: A random player will be turned into a Toad for 20 seconds causing "Transformed into a toad and unable to execute actions.". Will be chased by Enkidu, who will deal heavy damage to the player if they land a hit. Kite Enkidu around until the debuff wears off.
Minimum: Player will be mini'd for 20 seconds with a Heavy debuff. Gilgamesh will chase them and use Bitter End repeatedly.
Rocket Punch: Deals moderate damage and applies a Confusion debuff, which will cause the afflicted player to attack the nearest party member until it falls off or they are healed to full.
Grovel: Used around ~50%. After the long cast, he will do a small AoE centered on himself.
Bomb: Used around ~40%. Does a small AoE centered on himself and runs away. Signals the start of Phase 2.
Top off players afflicted with Confusion so they will stop attacking other players.

Phase 2
Waves of adds spawn between the two boss rooms; just pull them all together and nuke them down.

Phase 3
Uses all abilities from Phase 1 except Grovel and Bomb. All status effects can now target multiple players, from 2-8.
Abilities
Whirlwind Slash: AoE centered on the boss that deals moderate damage.
Giga Jump: Marks a random player and after ~6 seconds leaps towards them, dealing damage to any players around them.
Whirlwinds: Multiple Whirlwinds will spawn on the ground and remain for some time. Touching them causes them to explode and deal damage in an AoE around them.
Healers should keep regens up as it is possible for them to be repeatedly Toaded.
This phase will last the longest due to the damage decrease from Minimum affecting multiple players.
Avoid the Whirlwinds, especially while Toaded so you aren't killed by the chicken while you are knocked into the air.
</strategy_text>