<strategy_text>

Objectives
Clear the Screaming Dark: 0/1
Clear the Crying Dark: 0/1
Defeat Ouranos: 0/1

Bosses
Hecatoncheir Mastermind
Hecatoncheir Mastermind will use Darkfire every 45 - 60 seconds. The fire will cover a portion of the platform, forcing players to move further down the bridge. Whenever Hecatoncheir uses Darkfire, a Flambeau (bomb type monster) spawns at the end of the path. The Flambeau will attempt to move towards the fire. Kill the Flambeau ASAP. If it reaches the burning ground, it will explode and kill all players. If it is left alone it will self-destruct and wipe the party. Stun the bomb if necessary.

Do not let Flambeau touch the burning ground cast by the boss.
Kill Flamebeau ASAP or it will explode and insta-kill the entire party.

Gogmagolem and Biggy
Gogmagolem is a spriggan operating a rock giant. The boss not only has very high defense, it will also move back and forth in the boss room.

In the boss room, there is an object named Improved Blasting Device. One of your party members should operate the Device to spawn a Waymaker Bomb. That player should pick up the bomb. When it says it is going to explode in 5 seconds, place it in the path of the Gogmagolem. This is the main method of damaging the boss. Black bombs will also spawn near the Blasting Device and the center of the room. These will Self-Destruct, so move away quickly.

The other DPS should focus on killing all of the Kindling Sprites that spawn around the edges of the room. The Golem will periodically use Plaincracker, a high-damage cone attack directed at the tank, so avoid standing in front of the boss.

When the Golem dies, the spriggan named Biggy will spawn. Kill Biggy and move away from very large bombs because these bombs will explode in a very large radius.

TL;DR:
One DPS should spawn bombs with Improved Blasting Device, then carry and drop bombs in path of Gomagolem
Other DPS focus adds
When Biggy spawns, DPS him down

Ouranos
Non-tank players should not stand in front of the boss. Avoid its circular AoE attacks and kill Giga adds when they spawn (the adds can't be force-aggroed and will target random players).

Occasionally, a Sand Worm will spawn. When the text "The abyss worm is searching for fodder" appears on screen, one of the players should pick up the object Crystallized Rock (found around the edges of the arena) and place it somewhere in the sand. Players should move away from the rock to avoid taking damage from the Sand Worm. If the rock is not placed in time, the Sand Worm will cast Bottomless Desert and pull all players to the middle of the room and deal heavy damage to all players. Bottomless Desert can easily lead to a wipe, so make sure someone is on dedicated rock duty.

TL;DR:
Burn down boss
When Sand Worm is Searching for Fodder, carry Crystallized Rock onto the sand and drop it to distract the worm

</strategy_text>