<strategy_text>
Objectives
Arrive at the Third Armory: 0/1
Defeat the magitek rearguard: 0/1
Arrive at the Training Grounds: 0/1
Defeat the magitek hexadrone: 0/1
Arrive at the Hall of the Scarlet Swallow: 0/1
Defeat Hypertuned Grynewaht: 0/1

Bosses
Doma Castle Guide

Magitek Rearguard
Cermet Pile - Tankbuster. Avoid facing towards the group as it cleaves.
Garlean Fire - Quite similar to the earlier Gunship's AoE, but fires a line of circles. Just dodge to the side of the circle instead of in front of it. There's a big arrow indicator on it to help show where it will go. As the fight goes on he'll begin using two lines side by side.
Rearguard Bit - These will be lined up on the edge of the arena firing an unnamed attack for major damage. It's a narrow line across the arena, but occasionally ones next to each other will fire together for a wider beam.
Rearguard Mine - Small orange bots will float across the arena, contact will cause them to explode for major damage.

Magitek Hexadrone
Circle of Death - Large AoE centered on the boss.
2-tonze Magitek Missile - Obvious stack mechanic.
Chain Mine - A Hexadrone Bit will appear on the edge of the arena and erect a damaging red field across the arena, restricting the area you can safely move in. Standing within will cause it to deal damage and knockback.
Magitek Missiles - A tower will appear; at least one player needs to stand in it to prevent moderate damage hitting the entire group.

Hypertuned Grynewaht
Chainsaw - The boss will charge up his chainsaw and use it in front of him, dealing continuous damage in that direction. Players in front of him can simply sidestep this as he won't move after it starts.
Delay-action Charge - Two large AoE markers will track a pair of players. Simply move away from other players to avoid harming them when it goes off. Later on in the fight it will target three players at once.
Gunsaw - One random player will be targeted by this and continually fired upon. Unlike Chainsaw it will continue to track so there's no avoiding it, but it pierces and will hit anyone in front of or behind you so avoid moving it over your party members.
Thermobaric Charge - One player will be marked with a proximity marker that tracks the player. After a few seconds the rings around the player will disappear and the proximity marker will remain there. Whoever's marked should move away from the party to drop it off before rejoining the party.
Clean Cut - Magitek Chakrams will appear around the edge of the arena, and use this to slice across the arena. Pay attention to where the chakram appear for some forewarning about where to dodge.
Chain Mine - Just like Magitek Hexadrone, except the bits are Hypertuned Bits. This will split the arena into four quadrants, usually used alongside Thermobaric Charge to restrict how far you can drop it if you're not prepared for it.
</strategy_text>