<cleaned_strategy_text>
Phases & Abilities
Heritor of Levin: Ramuh

NOTE: It is possible to fall off the edge of the arena and plummet to an early doom during the entire encounter. However, should any participant fall, they can be raised after a moderate delay.

In addition, Surge Protection Orbs will be spawned each time Ramuh executes most of his AoE-centric mechanics. When picked up, these orbs provide a stackable buff that will be used to absorb damage from specific mechanics, which will be marked as (furious) throughout this guide. Due to other mechanics, as well as the fact that taking more than 3 causes significant debuffs, make sure to avoid picking up any unnecessary orbs whenever possible.

Lastly, you will notice lane-like patterns on the arena-floor which will help with various mechanics, specifically Tribunal Summons.

Judgement Volts - Ramuh blasts the battlefield with unavoidable raid-wide damage and spawns numerous Surge Protection Orbs around the arena. At the moment, players won't need to acquire any.

Stratospear Summons (1) - calls down four AoE circles - one in each corner of the arena. After a brief delay, lightning rods (stratospears) will fall at the location of the AoE circles, with one being noticeably smaller than the rest. All participants should move deep into the corner of the smaller stratospear, as the large ones will simultaneously unleash a massive AoE (Judgement Jolt) that will zap anyone nearby for massive damage after a small delay. Due to being AoE-centric, more Surge Protection Orbs will be summoned. At this point, each player should pick up at least one orb for the next mechanic.

Executor Summons - Ramuh calls forth a non-targetable add that will tether to the closest player with the most Surge Protection (stacks). Ideally, this should be the off-tank (who should pick up 2-3 stacks, but never higher than 3). After a delay, the add will glide slowly towards the tethered target, peppering them with auto-attacks along the way. Bear in mind that if this add reaches the tethered player, they will instantly be slain. After some time, the add will unleash a vicious tank-buster (and eventually disperse), so healers must be ready to respond.

Fury's Bolt - which will be cast very shortly after the Executor add has arrived - provides Ramuh with a buff, indicated by three orbs of purple lightning that circle him. Whenever Ramuh has this buff, the next mechanic will become much more potent. Beware!

(Furious) Judgement Volts - Ramuh blasts the battlefield with unavoidable raid-wide damage, just like before, except now it is buffed with Fury's Bolt. Aside from hitting much harder in general, any player who does not have a stack of Surge Protection will be slain on the spot. Make sure to have at least one stack!

Crippling Blow is a nasty tank-buster that will be used against Ramuh's main target throughout the fight. Be sure to mitigate whenever possible. Bear in mind that Crippling Blow is unleashed as a small AoE, meaning anyone caught too close to the main-target will also eat damage.

Stormcloud Summons causes Ramuh to mark the four furthest players with stormcloud markers (purple) - similar to normal mode - and the four nearest players with a detonation markers (orange reticules). After a brief delay, all players marked with purple stormcloud markers will drop a lightning spewing cloud at their location which will periodically zap the area beneath it with AoE lightning. Bear in mind that if any stormclouds are dropped too close to each other, they will merge, inflicting unavoidable pain and suffering on the entire raid.

The four players marked for detonation (orange reticles) will acquire Hated of Levin debuffs which will eventually explode for AoE damage around each afflicted target and continue to pulse periodically, dealing moderate damage and inflicting paralysis on anyone (other than the debuffed player) who comes in contact with the AoE's. To remove the debuff, players with Hated of Levin must stand underneath a Stormcloud and be hit by lightning. Failure to remove the debuff in time will result in the player(s) being feared, losing control of their character for a long period of time.

A good rule of thumb is to have both tanks and two melee players stand in a spread-out circle around Ramuh as he casts Stormcloud Summons, while both healers (and two ranged, if any) stand in their own corner of the arena. This ensures that the clouds are dropped (without risk of them merging) and those marked for detonation won't overlap their AoE's. Once the stormclouds have been dropped and the ranged players move out from underneath them, all four players afflicted with Hated of Levin can then move under their own stormcloud to remove the debuff without risk of clipping other participants.

Levinforce causes Ramuh to inflict a knockback from his current location. Due to overlapping with Stormcloud Summons (after the raid have had time to cleanse their Hated of Levin debuffs), players now run the risk of being knocked under a Stormcloud or even off the platform entrely. As such, all players should move as close to Ramuh as possible and aim themselves so that they remain on the platform, preferably without unnecessary stormcloud damage. Alternatively, players can also utilize knockback immunity cooldowns to be super-safe.

NOTE: Ramuh may (or may not) cast Fury's Bolt - the self-buff that alters his next cast. This will impact the next mechanic, so keep an eye on whether Ramuh has the three floating lightning orbs around him while he begins to cast:

Tribunal Summons - creates the Will of Ramuh at the northern edge of the arena centre, along with four Will of Ixion's to the left and right of the southern edge of the arena. After a brief delay, the Will of Ramuh will charge through the arena centre, inflicting an unavoidable knockback.

NOTE: the distance of this knockback will depend on whether or not Ramuh cast Fury's Bolt beforehand. If Ramuh is buffed, the knockback will be severe. If Ramuh is unbuffed, the knockback will be slightly shorter. Due to the charge-path of the Will of Ramuh and Will of Ixion's, there is only one safe-spot (the very end of the east or west side of the arena) which all players must be knocked back into. Anyone clipped by Ixion's or Will of Ramuh will be punted off the platform or slain outright.

As a result of the above, all players must be ready to stack right beside the Will of Ramuh charge-line (if Ramuh is buffed) or step back to the dotted line on the arena floor if Ramuh is unbuffed. Failure to do so will likely result in an untimely death.

Crippling Blow – Ramuh's main-target tank-buster – immediately follows. Be ready to mitigate!

Judgement Volts – the unavoidable raid-wide AoE – will happen directly after the tank-buster. Healers beware! As always, this AoE shall spawn additional Surge Protection Orbs.

Fury's Bolt will buff Ramuh once again, lending him increased potency.

Thunderstorm will bombard the entire arena with a barrage of small AoE circles in random fashion, just like normal mode, forcing the raid the stay on their toes and continuously dodge the assault. Simultaneously, four players (starting with all damage-dealers) will be marked with circles of lightning that will detonate after a brief delay, damaging the target and anyone else within the circle. If marked players (or anyone else inside the circles) have no Surge Protection, the resulting AoE blasts will kill them outright. After the first four blasts against the damage dealers, all tanks and healers will be marked with a secondary wave of marks. Simply spread out to avoid clipping fellow teammates and make sure to have at least one Surge Protection Orb.

Executor Summons will be cast once more, summoning an add that will tether to the closest player with the most stacks of Surge Protection. Just like earlier, the off-tank should make sure they have 2-3 stacks so that they become the target. Don't forget – the add will slowly move towards the tethered target while using auto-attacks and kill the tethered player if it reaches them. After a while, it will utilize a tank-buster and eventually dissipate. Bear in mind – the raid will have to deal with this add during multiple upcoming mechanics.

(Unbuffed) Stepped Leader creates dark AoE circles (non-telegraphed) under every player as soon as it is cast. If players do not move from their original position after Stepped Leader goes off, they will take high damage and suffer Damage Down debuffs. To avoid, simply move a few steps in any direction as soon as Ramuh has finished casting Stepped Leader, and make sure not to be stacking with fellow teammates.

Judgement Volts – the unavoidable raid-wide AoE – will happen directly after the add uses its tank-buster. As always, this AoE shall spawn additional Surge Protection Orbs.

Fury's Fourteen (1) creates fourteen 'buffed' stratosphere (lightning rods) on the platform - seven to the east and seven to the west - all in a straight line from north-to-south. Simultaneously, Ramuh will summon multiple Will of Ixion on either the east or west side of the arena, making that side totally unsafe. Once done, Ramuh will move to the north or south of the arena and prepare a Centaur's Charge which, much like the Will of Ixion, will knock all players sideways from the centre. Bear in mind that Centaur's Charge also requires the main-tank to move into a circle telegraph directly in front of the boss and activate a Duty Action, as well as all the mitigation they can muster.

With a knockback imminent and the Will of Ixion's taking up one side of the arena, the remaining seven players must align themselves so that they are knocked back into the clear side of the arena. Additionally, each individual player must be knocked through a stratosphere, as doing so will destroy it. Seeing as the main-tank will be standing in front of Ramuh, that leaves seven players (one per stratosphere). After a delay, all undestroyed stratosphere's will detonate, unleashing massive AoE damage. Destroying all seven stratosphere's on the safe side of the arena will ensure that the raid will be safe.

(Furious) Stepped Leader will be cast after Ramuh buffs himself with Fury's Bolt. Unlike the unbuffed version (which previously spawned dark AoE circles underneath players), this buffed version will instead create small donut AoE's at each player as soon as it has been cast. To combat this, all players must stack (or spread far enough apart) before Ramuh finishes casting.

Chain Lightning inflicts both Healers with an 8-stack debuff that will be passed on to the closest player after a short duration. With each jump, a stack is removed, and the person who passed on the debuff will be afflicted with System Shock for a short period of time. If anyone with System Shock re-acquires Chain Lightning, they will immediately be slain. This means that co-ordinated passing of the debuff is required until both debuffs reach 0 stacks (and thus dissipates). A good rule of thumb is to have one healer on opposite sides of the boss and have both debuffs passed in a clockwise or counter-clockwise manner.

Bear in mind that Ramuh will cast Crippling Blow – the slight AoE tankbuster - during this phase. As a result, make sure not to stand too close to the main-target when passing on Chain Lightning as you risk being slaughtered by the tank-buster in the process. Ramuh will also cast Judgement Volts (unavoidable raid-wide damage) during the process, so Healers must pay extra attention to those passing Chain Lightning as it does inflict damage with each pass. Note that Judgement Volts will spawn more Surge Protection Orbs just like before. The off-tank should grab a few in preparation for:

Executor Summons spawns the add that tethers to the closest player with the most stacks of Surge Protection. Once again, the off-tank should make sure they have 2-3 stacks so that they become the target, while everyone else makes sure to have at least 1 stack for future mechanics.

Thunderstorm will bombard the entire arena with a barrage of small AoE circles once again, forcing the raid to continuously dodge the assault. Don't forget that during this time, four players will be marked with circles of lightning that will detonate after a brief delay, damaging the target and anyone else within the circle (killing them if they have no Surge Protection). After the first four blasts, the remaining four players will be marked as well. During this whole ordeal, the off-tank will also have to keep kiting the Executor add (which will remain a lot longer than the previous adds, even after its inevitable tank-buster).

(Unbuffed) Stepped Leader will create dark AoE circles under every player as soon as it is cast, just like before. Make sure to move a few steps away as soon as Ramuh has finished casting.

Crippling Blow – Ramuh's main-target tank-buster – will be used as soon as Stepped Leader has concluded, followed by Judgement Volts, spawning more Surge Protection Orbs for the following mechanics.

Fury's Fourteen (2) creates fourteen stratosphere (lightning rods) on the platform just like earlier, along with the Will of Ixion to make one side of the arena unsafe. Players must deal with the mechanics the same way as before, except now, there will also be adds charging horizontally as well, leaving only one safe horizontal lane. Once all players have been knocked through a stratosphere (like before), everyone will have a brief moment to move into the safe lane and avoid the horizontal charge.

(Furious) Judgement Volts will blast the raid once more, killing anyone who doesn't have at least one stack of Surge Protection.

Stormcloud Summons causes Ramuh to mark the four furthest players with stormcloud markers (purple) and the four nearest players with a detonation markers (orange reticules), just like earlier. These mechanics (including the followup knockback) are handled the exact same way as they were earlier, so make sure to keep the clouds apart, get zapped once if you have the debuff, and prepare to be knocked back by Ramuh afterwards if you have no knockback immunity.

Judgement Volts once again blasts the entire raid with unavoidable damage.

Chain Lightning inflicts both Healers with 8-stack debuffs once again (handled in the exact same manner as before). Make sure to pre-position and avoid passing the debuff to anyone with System Shock, typically in a clockwise or counter-clockwise rotation with one healer on opposite sides of the boss. Don't forget that Ramuh will execute Crippling Blow and Judgement Volts during the process.

Ramuh will now execute Stepped Leader (buffed or unbuffed). If you see Fury's Bolt being cast (or notice the three lightning orbs circling Ramuh), then Stepped Leader will involve donut AoE's around each player once it is cast. If not, all players will have to dodge the AoE circles like before.

Shortly afterward, (Furious) Judgement Volts will blast the raid yet again. Make sure to have at least one stack of Surge Protection! To make matters worse, Ramuh will use another (normal) Judgement Volts to test the healers further. Afterward, (Furious) Judgement Volts, followed by two consecutive Judgement Volts.

Assuming you survive the AoE onslaught, Ramuh will cast casting Stratosphere Summons, leaving no safe-spot, along with a lengthy cast of Judgment Jolt. The raid must defeat Ramuh before this cast finishes or suffer a wipe.
</cleaned_strategy_text>