<cleaned_strategy_text>
Dread Hope: The Fatebreaker
Note: The battle takes place upon a large platform. Any player who jumps or is pushed over the edge will fall to an early doom, though they may be raised by a healer after a moderate delay.

Before the fight, it is advised that each player is assigned a clock position for mechanics later in the fight. Healers should also be paired up with two DPS players for later.

It is important to note that all the attacks in this guide will be accompanied by a glowing dragon that adds a random effect to each attack. There are three colors that can come out: blue (lightning), orange (fire), and yellow (light). Each mechanic will be explained as well as what each dragon aura adds to the attack.

Phase 1
Elemental Break: All players are targeted for a cleave. Move to assigned clock positions to avoid overlap.
Blue Dragon: An additional AoE will spawn on each player. To avoid overlap, four players should move in towards the boss and four players should move out to the edge of the arena, usually ranged players.
Orange Dragon: Four players will be targeted for a line cleave from the boss. Tanks & healers should rotate clockwise to pair with a DPS to split the damage.

Burnt Strike: The boss will move to the center and turn to face a random direction. This attack fires through the front and back of the boss's hitbox, so players should move to the side to avoid the initial hit.
Blue Dragon: A wide line AoE appears on either side of the attack. Move further out to avoid.
Orange Dragon: After the initial attack resolves, another attack will fire, causing knockback. move into the area of the initial attack to avoid getting knocked off the stage or use a knockback resist skill.

Bound of Faith: A player is tethered to the boss, then bound in place and attacked.
Blue Dragon: The player should move to the front of the boss. After the tethered player is bound, two conal electric AoEs will target the closest players, so the tanks should move to either side of the bound player while the rest of the party moves away. After the attack, the bound player will receive a persistent Electrocution debuff. This attack deals high damage, so healers should be ready for this.
Orange Dragon: The tethered player should move behind the boss and stack with the rest of the party to split the damage.

Burnished Glory: High raid-wide damage and a Bleed debuff. Heal through.

Powder Mark: A heavy-hitting tank-buster, followed by a debuff that explodes in a wide AoE after it's duration. A tankswap is required after this so the debuffed tank can move safely away from the group.

The boss will follow up with another Burnt Strike, using the opposite color from the previous attack, then another Bound of Faith, using the opposite effect from before, and finally Elemental Break opposite to the previous attack.

Shifting Sky: Observe the color of the dragon. The boss will then leap from the arena, leaving behind a knockback marker and spawning orange and blue circles. The color of the circle that is opposite to the aura of the dragon will be your safe side. When the circles explode, the AoE is the same size as the circle, while the unsafe side's AoEs are slightly larger. After the knockback resolves, a dragon will spawn in the center of the arena with an instant-death puddle underneath him. Move to the area between the circles on your safe side and avoid the center of the arena. Two clones will spawn at the edge of the arena with their own dragons and cast Bound of Faith, tethering two players. Like before, tanks should stand on either side of the blue tethered player to bait the conal AoEs, while the rest of the party stands with the orange tethered player to split damage. Following this, two more clones will spawn and cast Burnt Strike. The blue aura attack will always cast first, so move away from the attack and the extended lightning attack, then move in to avoid the knockback from the second attack after it has resolved. The boss will then return to the center of the arena. He will follow up with Elemental Break with a random aura, and a Burnished Glory, so be ready to mitigate and heal through.

Phase 2
You will hear the boss say "Let's try something else" (there will also be a textbox on screen), signifying he is switching to yellow aura 'light' element attacks. He will use Elemental Break with a light aura, so players should move to their assigned clock positions for the cleave. Following this, one tank and both healers will be targeted for another cleave that needs to be split. Healers should get into their DPS parties on either side of the boss and tanks should stack together to mitigate the damage.

Burnt Strike comes next, with a yellow aura signifying light element. The attack moves through the center of the boss's hitbox as usual, however after this each player will get a large AoE underneath where they were standing. Players should move to the sides of the boss to avoid the attack as usual, then stack together to bait the AoEs in one place. Simply move out of range of the AoEs to avoid.

Bound of Faith: A player will be tethered and bound as usual; however, they will also be hit with an AoE that will debuff anyone hit by it with Mortal Powder Mark, which explodes and deals massive raid-wide damage. Players should move to the other side of the arena from the tethered player to avoid. The boss will follow this up with a Powder Mark. Mitigate and tankswap.

Right of the Heavens: The boss will summon a dragon with a random aura, then four panels will appear, two orange and two blue. Like the previous 'Of the Heavens' attack, the safe area will be the panels of the color opposite to the dragon's aura. The panels will explode in cross shapes, with the panels matching the dragon's aura exploding in slightly larger AoEs, creating very small zones at the edges of the safe panels. Players should stack between the inner corners of the safe panels, while the marked tank should move to the edge of the arena next to the leftmost panel (facing towards the center of the arena), so when the debuff explodes, no one will be hit by the AoE.

After this resolves the boss will move back to the center and use Burnt Strike, Bound of Faith, and Elemental Break, all with a random effect. Pay attention to the dragon's aura and dodge accordingly.

Phase 3
Sundered Sky: The boss will once again call a dragon with a random aura. The boss will leap away, leaving a knockback marker in the center of the stage. Move in to avoid being thrown off the side of the stage, then move out, as a dragon will spawn in the center of the arena again with an instant-death puddle underneath. The dragon will turn towards a random player and cast a conal AoE in that direction. The safest way to avoid this attack is to stack near the unsafe panels, bait the attack, then quickly move to the safe spots on the arena. Two clones will also spawn at the edges of the arena, both casting Bound of Faith, with an orange aura dragon and a yellow aura dragon. The player who is tethered to the orange aura clone should stack with the party as usual, while the yellow tethered player should move to the edge of the arena next to the corner of the right safe panel (facing towards the center). Remember placing light tethered players here and marked tanks on the left side for later, as these mechanics may come into play at the same time.

After this, three clones will spawn and cast Burnt Strike, using all three auras. The attacks will fire in the following order: Light (yellow), Lightning (blue), then Fire (orange). These mechanics come out quickly, so players should anticipate where to move quickly, stacking to bait the AoEs from the first attack, moving outwards to avoid the wide AoE from the second, then moving inwards to avoid being thrown from the arena by the knockback of the third. You can also use knockback resistance if you prefer.

The boss will return to the center after this, and use Elemental Break with a random element and a Burnished Glory, so be prepared to mitigate and heal through.

Turn of the Heavens/Elemental Break: Once again, note the aura of the dragon, as the opposite color will be safe. The circles will spawn in a slightly different formation, with a circle in the middle. The boss will cast Elemental Break simultaneously with this attack. Players will need to determine whether they can be safe in the middle of the arena or need to spread to the edges for their clock positions. Once Turn of the Heavens has resolved, players are free to either stack or split as needed. The boss will follow up with a Powder Mark, so be ready to tankswap.

Right of the Heavens/Bound of Faith: Panels will spawn once again, so stand on the safe side according to the opposite color of the dragon's aura, with the powder marked tank moving to the left safe zone as before. The boss will also cast Bound of Faith, tagging a player with either an orange tether or a yellow tether. If it's an orange tether, stack with the party. If its a yellow tether, move to the right safe zone as before. This ensures no one is hit by either AoE from tethered or marked players.

Phase 4
Prismatic Deception: The boss will disappear, covering the arena in a dense fog. Eight clones will spawn at the cardinals and intercardinals, and three of them will begin to cast a line attack the cuts across the entire arena. The clones can only be seen when a player stands near them, so have players move to their assigned clock positions and watch the clone there. If the clone lifts its gunblade, that clone will attack, making that area unsafe. players whose clone is attacking, as well as the players across from them, should move away from the edge. once all the attacking clones have been found, players should stack at the safe clock positions, indicated by players that have not moved. This attack will repeat and can be handled the same way. After this, the boss will return to the center of the arena and cast Burnished Glory.

Cycle of Faith: This is a rotation of the three basic attacks in quick succession, repeated three times, with each rotation having a random element. The attacks for every rotation come out in the same order: Elemental Break, Burnt Strike and Bound of Faith. Between each rotation, the boss will cast Burnished Glory. The mechanics come out very fast and damage can add up quickly, so healers should be ready for this.

Following this mechanic, the boss will enrage and cast a final Burnished Glory. If the boss is not defeated before this cast goes off, the party will wipe.
</cleaned_strategy_text>