<cleaned_strategy_text>
Heritor of the Whorl: Leviathan

NOTE: It is possible to fall off the edge of the arena and plummet to an early doom during the entire encounter. However, should any participant fall, they can be raised after a moderate delay.

Tidal Roar - Leviathan blasts the entire raid with unavoidable damage that will require healing.
Rip Current - Leviathan tethers itself to the main target. After a brief delay, Leviathan will shoot an absolutely devastating straight-line tank-buster towards the tethered target that will travel across the entire arena, hitting anyone caught in its path for massive damage. As a result, the main tank should place themselves at an angle so that other members of the raid aren't caught in the blast.
Temporary Current - Leviathan sways its body to the left-or-right so that one of its heads can charge up a massive diagonal AoE across the entire platform.
Drenching Pulse - Leviathan spawns AoE circles underneath all participants, forcing everyone to move if they wish to avoid taking damage. Shortly afterwards, AoE markers will also spawn on each member of the group, forcing them to split up even more to avoid hitting teammates with their own incoming AoE damage.
Temporary Current - Leviathan prepares to blast another diagonal AoE across the entire platform. Bear in mind that each Temporary Current will always be the opposite direction of the last.
Tidal Roar - Leviathan blasts the entire raid with unavoidable damage once again.
Tidal Wave - Leviathan summons a spout of water at the eastern or western edge of the arena. After a moderate delay, this spout will push the entire raid a set distance away from it. As a result, all players should move as close to the spout as possible. Those who stand too far away run the risk of being knocked off the edge to an early grave.
Undersea Quake - Leviathan charges up its two heads and prepares to annihilate the eastern and western portions of the arena, smashing it into a much smaller size. Any player caught standing on the east or west during this time will immediately be slain. To avoid, simply gather in the center of the platform.
Crashing Pulse - Leviathan spawns AoE circles under all players, shortly followed by a stack-marker on another random player. While navigating the much smaller platform, the group must avoid all AoE's while grouping up to help absorb damage from the stack marker.
Tidal Roar - Leviathan blasts the entire raid with unavoidable damage once again.
Temporary Current - Leviathan prepares to blast another diagonal AoE across the entire platform (in the opposite direction of the previous). Once concluded, the broken sections of the arena will be restored.
Tsunami - Leviathan performs a swirling animation, rising the tides and eventually showering the arena in a torrential downpour, inflicting moderate damage to the entire raid, along with one of four debuffs to each member that resolve in a specific order:
Surging Tsunami targets a player with an AoE knockback marker. After a brief delay, the entire raid will be knocked away from the marked player, forcing everyone to position themselves so that they do not fall off the platform.
Smothering Tsunami creates a small donut AoE around a random player while the raid also gain AoE markers, forcing everyone to split up to avoid damage. Unmarked players can stand inside the donut if they wish.
Surging Tsunami targets a different player with another AoE knockback marker that can be dealt with the same way as before.
Maelstrom is cast once the above mechanics have been concluded, causing Leviathan to disappear from the arena for a short period of time. Later, three AoE circles will spawn around the platform in the form of swirling water, which will eventually grow in size and inflict Dropsy on anyone who remains within. Simultaneously, Leviathan prepares to dive-bomb in a straight line across the arena, indicated by a large blue portal at a random location outside of the arena. Players must move away from the puddles and the portal to avoid damage. After the first dive, more water puddles will form and grow while Leviathan prepares for a second straight-line dive-bomb (indicated by another portal).
From here, Leviathan will cycle through previously experienced mechanics for some time.
Undersea Quake - Leviathan charges up its two heads and prepares to annihilate the center of the arena, leaving a platform on the eastern and western side of the playing field. Any player caught standing in the middle during this time will immediately be slain. To avoid, simply move out of the center. Keep in mind - it will be impossible to travel from one platform to the other for quite some time, so it is often wise to have one tank and healer on each side. However, it is still possible to heal people on the opposite side, distance dependent. Not long after the center platform is destroyed, all players will need to avoid AoE circles and AoE markers.
Temporary Current - Leviathan blasts a diagonal AoE across the entire platform (in the opposite direction of the previous), followed by a second one immediately afterwards. Due to the arena center being missing, players will need to move to either the top then bottom (or vice versa) of their respective platform to dodge both blasts.
Having survived the ordeal, the platform will return to normal and Leviathan will begin cycling through familiar mechanics once again until Leviathan (or the raid) are defeated.
</cleaned_strategy_text>