<cleaned_strategy_text>
Phases & Abilities
Antithesis Conscient: The Idol of Darkness
NOTE: It is possible to fall off the edge of the arena to an early doom during the entire encounter. However, should any participant fall, they can be raised after a moderate delay. In addition, participants should note how the arena is segmented into horizontal and vertical 'lanes' (represented by 4x4 squares). Future mechanics will be fired through these lanes, thus the squares help players to determine where they should and should not be standing at certain times.

Phase 1
Empty Wave - the Idol of Darkness blasts the entire raid with unavoidable damage, much like normal mode.
Unshadowed Stake - tethers a random tank and prepares to shoot them with two beams one after the other. The first beam, much like normal mode, is a vicious tank buster that will hit for tremendous damage. As a result, the first beam (dark) should be directed away from the raid, but not too far, seeing as the second beam (light) will inflict shareable/stackable damage. The brunt of the (light) beam will hit based on proximity, whereas the rest will be shared with everyone else standing in the beam. To combat this, the tank can move away and take both hits using an immunity cooldown, or move slightly away from a stacked group for the first beam, then move behind the group for the second, making sure that the untethered tank is standing as close to the boss as possible to take the brunt of the damage (preferably with mitigation cooldowns).
Words of Motion - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]
Away With Thee - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]
Silver Sledge - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]
Words of Motion + False Moonlight - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]
Away With Thee + AoE Circles & DPS Stack - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]

Phase 2
The arena shifts into a night-like state whilst three adds are summoned to the platform - one Blasphemy add in the north, and two Idolatry adds to the east and west. The goal is to slay the two Idolatry adds as soon as possible, then the Blasphemy add. Taking too long will force them to enrage and wipe the raid. In addition, slaying the Blasphemy add first will also force both Idolatry adds to enrage, so it is best to refrain from targeting Blasphemy until both Idolatry are dealt with. Once an Idolatry has been slain, the other will begin to cast Explosion, which will wipe the raid. Due to this, both Idolatry adds should be slain around the exact same time, which is best done by dividing the raid into two groups - one for each add - and damaging them down simultaneously, leaving the Blasphemy until last.
NOTE: If any add comes in close contact with another, they will tether to each other and acquire a significant buff, so this must be prevented at all costs.
Advent Of Light - a long-cast ability that both Idolatry adds will try to execute during the phase. If both casts are not interrupted, the raid will wipe.
Strength In Numbers - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]
Empty Flood - a vicious raid-buster from the Idol of Darkness once all the adds have been successfully slain. Once concluded, the arena will transition back to its original form, indicating the arrival of the next phase.

Phase 3
Unjoined Aspect - places an even number of light and dark markers on all raid participants, indicated by magical white or purple smoke emanating from your character. Much like normal mode, future mechanics will begin to shoot light or dark twisters across the arena. Players must ensure that they are hit by mechanics that are of the opposite colour to their marker. For example, light-aspected players must hit by dark-aspected mechanics, and so on. However, successfully doing so will flip your aspect to the opposite colour (example - white aspected player being hit by a dark twister will now have the dark aspect). If any player of a chosen aspect is hit by a mechanic of the same aspect, the results are typically lethal, so avoid at all costs.
Words Of Unity - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]
Boundless Light & Boundless Dark - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]
Words Of Entrapment - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]
Words Of Unity + Boundless Light/Dark - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]
Unjoined Aspect - places an even number of light and dark markers on all raid participants, except this time, all tanks and healers will acquire one aspect and all damage-dealers will acquire the opposite aspect.
Red & Blue Portals + Words Of Night - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]
False Dawn - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]
Empty Wave - the Idol of Darkness blasts the entire raid with unavoidable damage once again.
Unshadowed Stake - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]

Phase 4
The final phase begins with the Idol of Darkness dispersing and the arena darkening. After a brief delay, a knockback circle will appear in the centre of the arena.
NOTE: Knockback Immunity will not prevent the upcoming knockback!
Players must move close to the knockback circle and aim themselves towards a diagonal corner of the arena. The knockback is significant, so aiming oneself in a different direction could be fatal. After the knockback has ceased, the Idol of Darkness will morph itself into the centre of the arena, taking the form of bird-like tornado covered in light and dark aspected lightning.
Unjoined Aspect - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]
Threefold Grace - [Mechanics description omitted for brevity]
Empty Wave (x2) - the Idol of Darkness blasts the entire raid with unavoidable damage twice in succession. Be ready to shield and heal!
Eventually, Idol of Darkness will cast yet another two Empty Wave AoE's after previously doing so, indicating the arrival of a hard-enrage, Empty Flood. If Empty Flood is cast, the raid will be wiped.
</cleaned_strategy_text>