<strategy_text>
Early on in the dungeon, there will be a room off the main path that contains a Bloody Memo (X:17.6, Y:8.5). The note will have a special quote that will give the color of the correct switch for later.

Quote: "The Capten likes his wine Redd." Switch: Red
Quote: "The Capten likes his cabege Green." Switch: Green
Quote: "The Capten likes his sees Bloo." Switch: Blue

The party will soon encounter an open area containing several Giant Clams, which can only be damaged when they are open. These enemies will be accompanied by several weak Shade Seekers. Note that the clams do not need to be killed and can be ignored. Experienced parties will sometimes skip the clams for a faster run.

To summon the first boss, players must interact with one of the three coral formations (Red, Blue, or Green) in the room. Interacting with the incorrect switch will spawn a weak Cave Aurelia. In practice, many parties will ignore the Bloody Memo and will brute force the switches until finding the correct one. Interacting with the correct switch will reveal an Inconspicuous Switch. Pressing this switch will summon Chopper, the first boss. After defeating the boss, press the switch again to open a passage to the next section.

Defeat the enemies and fight Captain Madison, who will run away.

The next section consists of an open area containing several side rooms. Most parties will skip these.

Defeat the enemies at the south part of the room and collect the Captain's Quarters Key from the Shallowscale Reaver. Use it to open the door to the Captain's Quarters, the southern room. Inside, defeat the lone Shallowtail Reaver and collect the Waverider Gate Key.

Return to the central room and go to the southwest exit. Defeat the two enemies and unlock the Waverider Gate.

The rest of the dungeon is straightforward. The party will fight Captain Madison again, proceed through a final room of enemies, and confront the last boss. Not all enemies in the final room need to be aggroed, only the ones in the main path.

Visiting the side rooms is required for the Mapping the Realm: Sastasha achievement. Players who wish to obtain this achievement should use Duty Support, communicate with their Duty Finder party that they would like to visit the side rooms, or run the dungeon solo with Unrestricted Party (unsyncing) settings when they are of sufficiently high level.

Chopper is the first boss of Sastasha and it is a coeurl. Once in a while Chopper performs an AoE attack called "Charged Whisker" which inflicts Paralysis on all players around it. An orange circle will appear on the ground before it executes the attack. Get out of the circle as soon as possible.

Players will need to defeat Captain Madison twice. In the first encounter, he will be accompanied by crew member adds. Kill them first and then focus on the boss until he runs away. In the second encounter, he will summon a pack of guard dogs once his HP has dropped to 50%. AoE the dogs down then attack the Captain until he flees.

Denn the Orcatoothed is the final boss of Sastasha. The boss room features 4 grates with bubbling water at each corner of the room. During the boss fight, adds will spawn from the bubbling water. Players can interact with the grate when it is bubbling to prevent an add from spawning. To this extent, ranged DPS can position themselves to be in range to attack, while still able to quickly interact with the grates when they bubble. Should adds spawn, try to keep their numbers down to prevent the tank from being overwhelmed. If a caster is targeted by the adds, they should run to the tank so that the tank can remove hate while staying by the boss.

In practice, the grates and the adds they spawn are generally ignored, and all damage is focused on the boss.
</strategy_text>