<cleaned_strategy_text>
 Kefka
Players will find themselves suspended over an endless drop into interdimensional space atop a circular platform. Should any player fall over the edge for any reason, they will suffer an immediate KO, though they can be raised after a moderate delay. After some playful boasting, Kefka gives his signature laugh from Final Fantasy VI. Once engaged in battle, Kefka will employ deceitful abilities and eventually summon the infamous Statue of the Gods to a glorious rendition of Dancing Mad.

Just like normal mode, Kefka will employ trickery and deceit to confuse players throughout the encounter. As a rule of thumb - whenever you see question marks within a telegraph or notice question-marked orbs floating around Kefka during upcoming mechanics, all players should do the opposite of what is expected from those mechanics. For example, a straight line AoE with question marks should be stood in (rather than avoided), whereas normal telegraphs should be avoided.

Below is a list of all mechanics you will encounter during the Sigmascape finale.

Phase 1: Generic Abilities
Mana Charge - causes Kefka to make a copy of the next AoE attack for later use, which will later be Released in the same format. Whenever you see Kefka cast Mana Charge, try to remember the next AoE ability he uses. When Released, it'll be cast in the same manner as it was copied.
Flagrant Fire - involves one of two variations that players must react to. One involves a large stack-up marker, forcing players to group up and absorb damage, whilst the other involves multiple players being targeted with small circular markers that require everyone to spread apart. As mentioned before, players will also need to be mindful of any trickery (question marks) and do the opposite of what is expected should any be visible. For example, if you notice a large stack-up marker (with question marks rotating around Kefka), then players should spread apart instead.
Hyper Drive - a devastating magical tankbuster against Kefka's primary target, causing the demonic clown to drop numerous heavyweights in comedic fashion onto the targets head, which should be mitigated with defensive cooldowns whenever possible. Keep in mind that Hyper Drive will also deal damage in a small AoE radius, so make sure you are not standing near the primary target whenever it is being cast.
Mana Release - causes Kefka to utilize the previously 'copied' ability (see Mana Charge). As mentioned before, Released abilities will be executed in the same manner as they were when copied. Also, the first Mana Release will be cast at the same time as Thrumming Thunder (see below).
Thrumming Thunder - creates large straight-line columns across the arena with visibly noticeable purple effects. Thrumming Thunder is one of the various abilities that will be used to trick players, thus everyone must watch out for question marks whenever it is being cast. If there are no question marks, players must avoid standing within a telegraph at all costs. However, if there ARE question marks, players must instead stand within an area where two of these telegraphs intersect across each other. Failing either version will result in players being ionized by vicious blasts of lightning for massive damage.
Ultima Upsurge - an unavoidable blast of AoE from Kefka, damaging the entire raid.
Phase 1: Statue of the Gods
Having displayed most of his basic abilities, the Statue of the Gods will violently erupt in the background and loom over the entire raid. From this point onward, Kefka will occasionally cast Graven Image, which causes the statue to unleash its own mechanics that will typically overlap abilities from Kefka himself. Also, certain Graven Image casts will cause Kefka to become completely impervious to attacks.

First Graven Image
Graven Image #1 - creates a large blue orb near the left hand of the statue that will eventually blast two damage dealers with unavoidable straight-line AoEs before targeting the remaining two damage dealers with the same attack.
Meanwhile, all players will also periodically drop moderate AoE circles beneath their feet for the duration of the mini-phase which everyone must avoid. After all four damage dealers have been blasted by AoEs, four players will find themselves tethered to the statue itself. All tethered players will eventually be punted a moderate distance away from the statue, thus must make an effort to avoid additional mechanics whilst remaining as close to the statue as possible to avoid being knocked over the edge.

Thirdly, all four damage dealers will be targeted with a stack-up marker, forcing each tank and each healer to stand with a damage dealer to help soak the damage in pairs. Seeing as the knockback will resolve shortly before the stack-up markers detonate, it is wise to assign positions on the platform so that tethered players can aim themselves towards them, making it easier for everyone to pair up and soak the stack-marker as soon as the knockback has ended.

Lastly, Kefka will cast Timely Teleport, creating two large black-and-white circles - one around Kefka, and another at the outer edge of the arena. After a delay, Kefka will teleport from his circle to the other and immediately fire a cone-AoE across the platform that damages anyone who was standing in front of him. Assuming you survived the Graven Image onslaught, make sure to stand behind Kefka's teleport location as soon as possible.

Light of Judgement - bombards the entire arena with a devastating blast of light, inflicting severe and unavoidable damage to the entire raid that should be mitigated however possible.
Mana Charge - causes Kefka to make a copy of the next AoE attacks for later use. Remember the abilities that come next and how you avoided them, as Mana Release (later in the encounter) will duplicate the attack in the same manner as it was previously used and can be avoided the same way.
Thrumming Thunder - creates large straight-line columns across the arena once again (which may or may not involve trickery - question marks). Be sure to avoid the telegraphs if the attack is normal, or stand in an intersection if you notice any question marks.
Blizzard Blitz - a point-blank AoE from Kefka's current location. Bear in mind that Blizzard Blitz is also subject to 'trickery', so if you notice question marks, make sure to do the opposite of what you would normally do. In either case, icicles will impale anyone out of position for heavy damage.
Second Graven Image
Graven Image #2 - causes the statue to visibly shift sideways whilst holding an orb. After a delay, the statue will either drop the orb near its current location (west side of the arena) or cause it to fly to the eastern edge instead. In either case, all players will eventually be knocked back from the orb after a delay. Make sure you are as close to the orb as possible beforehand to avoid being knocked out of the arena.
Once the orb has been placed, Kefka will use Mana Release, executing an exact copy of the Thrumming Thunder and Blizzard Blitz that was used before, except now, they will be used simultaneously (rather than one after the other). All players will need to avoid both mechanics in the same manner as before once the orb-based knockback has resolved.

Assuming the raid survives the ordeal, Kefka will pepper the raid with another Ultima Upsurge (raidwide AoE) and Hyperdrive (tank buster) before the platform ascends to a higher level of the tower.

Third Graven Image
Graven Image #3 - causes the statue to tether all players simultaneously. Unlike before, players will need to respond based on what part of the statue they are tethered to. To start with, all damage dealers will be tethered to a particular section, whereas tanks and healers will be tethered to another.
Players tethered to the top-left (purple) part of the tower will be blasted with Gravitas - a shareable AoE blast that will also leave a persistent puddle within the arena that will apply a devastating bleed to anyone who remains within the area. For the sake of ease, each tank and each healer should stack with the damage dealer they paired with during the first Graven Image stack-marker and once again share the damage. Bear in mind that Gravitas will always fire before Vitrophyre (see below).

Players tethered to the mid-right (yellow) part of the tower will be blasted with Vitrophyre, an earthen-based AoE that players should avoid overlapping onto others. This will always come after Gravitas, thus all players should first pair up to soak the Gravitas blast, then spread out so that the following Vitrophyre doesn't cause any unnecessary overlap damage. Don't forget to avoid the puddles.

Shortly after Gravitas and Vitrophyre resolve, an orb will spawn at either the left side of the statue (purple) or right side (yellow), indicating which half of the arena will soon be blasted. Once you have identified which side an orb has spawned on, all players must immediately move to the opposite side of the arena to avoid the oncoming devastation. However, another Gravitas and Vitrophyre combo will go off as soon as the half-arena blast has resolved, so players will once again need to move to their assigned positions/pairing to soak Gravitas, then spread for the following Vitrophyre (keeping puddles in mind).

Lastly, Kefka will begin to cast Aero Assault - a vicious kick that will knock back all players from his current location. Players will need to position themselves to avoid being knocked off the platform AND to avoid being kicked through the remaining Gravitas puddles. Assuming the raid survives, Light of Judgement will blast the entire raid with tremendous damage once again, followed by Mana Charge, which will make a copy of an upcoming Flagrant Fire (which can either be normal or trick-based, so be wary).

Fourth Graven Image
Graven Image #4 - causes the statue to once again spawn a large orb either to the left or right side of the arena, indicating which side is about to be blasted with a vicious attack. All players will need to move to the non-orb side to avoid being annihilated.
As soon as the statue has unleashed its attack, Kefka will utilize Mana Release, pasting an exact copy of the previously used Flagrant Fire. However, it will also be overlapped with a simultaneous Thrumming Thunder. Once you avoid both attacks, Ultima Upsurge will blast the entire raid with unavoidable damage, followed by a Hyperdrive tank buster.

On reaching this point, the platform will begin to ascend once more, displaying the very top of the tower.

Fifth Graven Image
Graven Image #5 - causes all players to drop AoE circles beneath their feet which must be avoided. Once resolved, players will notice an eye icon appear at the top of the tower - either a purple (normal) eye or a yellow (trick) eye with a question mark. If the eye is purple, players will need to look away from the statue to avoid Indolent Will. If the eye is yellow, players need to look towards the statue to avoid Ave Maria.
Once the gaze attack has resolved, all players will once again find themselves being simultaneously tethered to the statue and must respond based on which part they are tethered to. Similarly to before, all damage dealers will be tethered to one section, whilst all tanks and healers will be tethered to another.

The group tethered to the top-left (yellow) side of the statue will find themselves being Hysteria icon1.png Charmed with murderous intent (and a sizeable Heavy icon1.png Heavy debuff, drastically slowing their movement). Charmed players will lose all control of their character(s) and be forced to watch them move slowly towards their allies with intent to hack them to pieces. Meanwhile, the group tethered to the mid-right (purple) side of the statue will find themselves being put to Sleep (status effect) icon1.png Sleep, unable to move or act in any way.

As you can imagine, the goal here is to spread in a manner where all Hysteria icon1.png Charmed (yellow-tethers) players are as far away from the rest of the group (and each other) as possible, as failure to do so will involve charmed players slaying their allies. The simplest method is to have all purple-tether players stack in the arena center where they will be put to sleep, whilst the yellow-tether players spread to the outer edges of the arena at cardinal or inter-cardinal points. If done correctly, charmed players will slowly move towards the center but be far enough away for the charm to fade before they reach the sleeping group.

As soon as you regain control of your character, the statue will unleash another gaze attack - either a purple eye (look away) or yellow eye (look toward) - followed by a Timely Teleport from Kefka himself. Players must avoid the gaze attack whilst they move behind Kefka in preparation for his post-teleport attack.

Assuming you survive the ordeal, Kefka will unleash another Light of Judgement (massive raidwide AoE), followed by an Ultima Upsurge (more raidwide AoE), closely following by a Mana Charge into Thrumming Thunder and Blizzard Blitz.

Sixth & Final Graven Image
Graven Image #6 - forces the entire raid to deal with yet another gaze attack in the form of a purple eye (look away) or yellow eye (look toward), followed by Mana Release, unleashing the same Thrumming Thunder and Blizzard Blitz combo from earlier (simultaneously, rather than one after the other). Shortly after, Kefka will blast the primary target with another Hyperdrive tank buster, followed by three consecutive Ultima Upsurge attacks, dealing tremendous raid damage over time.
If Kefka is still active at this point, he will charge a final Light of Judgement that will wipe the entire raid. However, if players successfully best the demonic jester in time, the raid is treated to a glorious animation, unveiling God Kefka in all his hideous glory before the final phase of the battle begins.

Phase 2: God Kefka
Reaching this stage of the encounter activates a checkpoint; meaning that if you wipe for any reason, the battle will reset back to the God Kefka phase (instead of the very beginning). Despite the arena containing a very obvious shift to luminous yellow, there are no actual terrain differences. Players will remain atop a circular platform and can still fall over the edge to their immediate doom. Below is a list of all mechanics you will endure during the grand finale.

Heartless Angel - causes all players to have their HP set to 1 (similar to Charybdis, used by Alte Roite encounter in Deltascape V4.0). Predictably, Heartless Angel is typically followed by AoE-centric mechanics, pressuring healers to immediately top up the raid to prevent mass deaths.
Ultima - an unavoidable raidwide AoE blast for heavy damage. The very first Heartless Angel will be followed by Ultima, so be wary.
Hyperdrive - the same heavy-hitting magical tankbuster used during the previous phase, except this time, anyone hit by Hyperdrive will also suffer a vicious Bleed debuff, forcing healers to stay on their toes even if the primary target survives the initial burst damage. Just like before, make sure you are not standing close to the primary target, as there is still a minor AoE component. If you decide to incorporate a tank-swap during Hyperdrive, ensure that both tanks are standing a safe distance apart whilst taunting.
Celestriad - executes a cocktail of all previously encountered AoE mechanics at the exact same time - namely Thrumming Thunder, Flagrant Fire, and Blizzard Blitz. Players will need to dodge these mechanics similar to how they were dodged in the previous phase, keeping in mind that Blizzard Blitz will typically involve a point-blank AoE (immediately followed by a donut AoE), and Flagrant Fire may require players to either spread apart (AoE circles) or group up (stack marker). In general, one healer will be given a stack marker, whilst all damage dealers are marked with AoE circles, forcing tanks and the second healer to group together whilst all damage dealers spread apart. Meanwhile, Thrumming Thunder will create straight-line AoEs through the center of the arena in the shape of a plus sign (+). Should you survive this onslaught of AoE and strict positioning, Kefka will follow up with another Ultima.
Mini-Phase: Forsaken #1
Forsaken - unleashes unavoidable raidwide damage and also causes the arena and background to adopt a much darker looking tone, indicating a mini-phase.
Path of Light - creates three moderate-sized blue circles (side by side) in a straight line through the center of the arena which will slowly begin to drop meteors. Much like all other meteor mechanics, the circles will need to be soaked by players. However, each circle will need to be soaked by a specific number of players. If you look closely, you'll notice that each circle will have several bright yellow orbs rotating around them. In short, the number of orbs rotating around a circle represents how many players must be standing inside to soak its respective meteor. Keep in mind that the very first Path of Light will require 2 players per circle, whereas later versions will involve circles in different positions that may require 2-4 players.
Heartless Archangel - renders all players HP to 1, similar to Heartless Angel, except this time, all players will also receive Incurable, negating all healing, keeping all players at 1 HP for the foreseeable future. However, the duration of Incurable depends on whether each player was at maximum health when Heartless Archangel was executed. All players who were at full health at the time will only have a 4 second Incurable duration and will be healable before Path of Light meteors detonate. Meanwhile, all players who were at less than maximum health at the time will have to endure Incurable for 12 seconds instead, and will likely die to the upcoming Path of Light detonations. For the best chance of survival, healers must ensure that the entire raid was healed to full before Heartless Archangel was cast.
Angel Heads - creates four nontargetable floating heads that will tether to damage dealers and slowly follow them around the platform. If a tethered player collides with their pursuer, they will receive damage and debuffs. Considering that all victims will be suffering from 4-12 seconds of Incurable, tethered players must avoid these floating heads at all costs until the debuff expires (allowing them to be healed up before collision).
In summary, the raid will need to organize themselves so that each circle contains two players so that all meteor mechanics are successfully soaked, which results in no damage being inflicted to the raid. At the same time, players being chased by Angel Heads will need to help soak the circles whilst avoiding their pursuer, then continue to retreat until Incurable fades, allowing them to be healed up. Once healed, tethered players will be able to safely collide with their respective Angel Head and remove it from play.

Wings of Destruction (Two Wings) - involves one of two possible mechanics that require players to pay attention to Kefka's wings. If you notice two wings glowing whilst Kefka is casting Wings of Destruction, then he will simultaneously hit both the closest and the farthest player with a large AoE blast of massive damage, which is best handled by having one tank sprint as far away from Kefka as possible (away from the rest of the raid) whilst the primary tank stays close to Kefka. Meanwhile, the rest of the raid should stand at a moderate distance away from both of them, but not too near (or far) from Kefka. Both targets of Wings of Destruction (two-wings) should also utilize mitigation cooldowns, as the damage inflicted will be major. Bear in mind that the first Wings of Destruction will always involve the two-wing version.
Assuming you reach this point in the battle, Kefka will unload another Ultima (unavoidable blast of AoE), followed by another round of Path of Light, Heartless Archangel, and Angel Heads, all of which should be handled in the same manner as you did before. By surviving the repeated mini-phase, Kefka will unleash Light of Judgement (unavoidable raidwide AoE) which returns the platform to its overly yellow state.

Trine (small) - causes semi-transparent triangles to rain from the sky onto the platform that will eventually explode in the order they were dropped. Bear in mind that each explosion involves (small) AoE circles forming at all three tips of the triangle in question, making the explosions deceptively large compared to the size of the triangles themselves. Also, Trine will overlap with the second variation of Wings of Destruction (see below).
Wings of Destruction (One Wing) - involves one of two possible mechanics that require players to pay attention to Kefka's wings. If you notice one wing glowing whilst Kefka is casting Wings of Destruction, then the glowing-wing side of the arena will soon be blasted with massive damage. For example, if the east wing is glowing, all players will need to move to the west side of the arena to avoid the upcoming blast. Considering the directional blast overlaps with Trine, players will need to identify safe spots depending on the order exploding triangles vs which side of the arena is going to be blasted.
Wings of Destruction (Two Wings) - simultaneously hits the closest and the farthest player with a large AoE blast. Just like earlier, have the off-tank sprint as far away as possible so that they are targeted for one blast, whilst the primary tank remains as close to Kefka as possible for the other (with the rest of the raid hanging back from both of them at a moderate distance). Once the two-wing blasts have resolved, Kefka will unload another Ultima (raidwide blast).
Past/Future - causes Kefka to charge a random player and unleash a light AoE attack, then follow it up with Pasts Forgotten or Futures Numbered. An easy way to memorize which is which: the Past is behind you, and the Future is ahead of you. So, after the initial attack, if Pasts Forgotten follows, Kefka will follow up with a backward AoE. If Futures Numbered, Kefka will follow up with a frontal AoE.
Ultimate Embrace - a devastating, shareable, physical tankbuster. If there are no invulnerability cooldowns to utilize, then both tanks will need to share the damage (with mitigation). Otherwise, a lone tank can easily cheese the blast via Hallowed Ground or similar effects. All non-tanks should ensure that they are nowhere near tanks at the time. To make matters worse, Kefka will follow-up with Hyperdrive - the magical AoE tankbuster. If you used the two-tank method for Ultimate Embrace, then make sure the off-tanks moves away from the primary target before Hyperdrive is executed. Lastly, Ultima (raidwide damage) will pepper the raid before the next mechanic.
Mini-Phase: Forsaken #2
Forsaken - unleashes unavoidable raidwide damage and changes the look of the arena, indicating another mini-phase.
Path of Light - unlike earlier, players will now have to soak consecutive meteor circles in a set pattern, starting with two circles near the center - both requiring two players each to soak.
Prey - marks the two farthest damage dealers with prey markers, indicating that they will soon be chased by four consecutive AoE blasts, all of which will leave behind a persistent puddle of flame. Simultaneously, the non-marked damage dealers will find meteors being dropped at their location, forcing them to dodge and weave each blast. To complicate matters, a future Path of Light circle will spawn to the north that requires four players to soak. As a result, all four damage dealers should coordinate themselves at the northern side of the platform (in unison) so that the puddles are neatly dropped in a specific area without covering any meteor circles, the non-marked players dodge their meteors successfully, and all four regroup in time to soak the four-player circle together.
Once the northern circle has been soaked, it will become the target of a Proximity Marker, forcing the raid to move away from the north. Simultaneously, a damage dealer will be given a stack-up marker which will need to be soaked by the group.

Past/Future + All Things Ending - causes Kefka to prepare another Past/Future attack, followed by himself (and three clones) launching themselves to the position of all tanks and healers. Depending on whether Kefka (and the clones) will unleash a Past attack (behind him) or Future attack (in-front of him), all tanks and healers will need to bait the clones so that they face a specific direction, preventing the raid from being cleaved. Don't forget that the initial Past/Future attack will also involve an AoE blast, so make sure not to stack together whilst baiting Kefka and the clones. To make matters worse, there will still be more meteor circles in need of soaking while all of these AoEs are happening, so remain vigilant.
Assuming the raid survives the ordeal, another Light of Judgement (raidwide AoE) will blast the raid and convert the arena back to the usual luminous yellow, marking the end of the mini-phase.

Celestriad + Wings of Destruction (One Wing) - causes Kefka to unleash another blend of Blizzard Blitz, Thrumming Thunder and Flagrant Fire mechanics in unison, shortly followed by a one-wing version of Wings of Destruction, forcing the raid to dodge the cocktail of mechanics and then identify (and avoid) the glowing-wing side of the arena, which will soon be blasted for massive damage. Once avoided, Kefka will unleash another Ultima (raidwide damage) to further test the healers.
Trine (large) - causes semi-transparent triangles to rain from the sky onto the platform that will eventually explode in the order they were dropped. Unlike the previous version, one gigantic triangle will also be dropped in the center of the arena. Just like before, the 'explosions' involve tips of the triangles unleashing AoE circles, so the center of the larger triangle can actually be a safe spot (provided a smaller triangle isn't dropped in the center on top of it). If a smaller triangle is dropped into the large triangle, then the safe spot will be at one of the outer edges of the larger triangle - whichever does not have smaller triangles nearby.
Past/Future - executed whilst Trine is detonating. Seeing as the raid will be stacked to avoid exploding triangles, there will be a brief opportunity to identify whether the attack will be behind (past) or in-front (future). Once Kefka leaps to the target and unleashes the AoE, the raid can either stand still while Kefka attacks behind (past), or run through him if the attack is in-front (future).
Wings of Destruction (Two Wings) - simultaneously hits the closest and the farthest player with a large AoE blast. Just like earlier, have the off-tank sprint as far away as possible so that they are targeted for one blast, whilst the primary tank remains as close to Kefka as possible for the other (with the rest of the raid hanging back from both of them at a moderate distance).
Ultimate Embrace > Hyperdrive - the shareable (physical) tankbuster, followed by the magical single-target (AoE) tank buster. Either have both tanks soak the buster in unison, or have one tank utilize an immunity cooldown by themselves, then move away from each other so that Hyperdrive doesn't overlap. Once both tankbusters have been unleashed, Kefka will pepper the raid with another Ultima (raidwide).
Mini-Phase: Forsaken #3
Forsaken - unleashes unavoidable raidwide damage and changes the look of the arena, indicating another mini-phase. Unlike the previous two mini-phases phases, the Statue of the Gods will now form at the northern end of the arena and bombard the raid with its own mechanics throughout the ordeal. Be wary.
Path of Light - creates three blue meteor circles that need to be soaked - one to the east and west (both requiring two players), and one slightly to the south (requiring four players). Bear in mind that Kefka will be charging up another Ultima whilst the raid try to coordinate themselves for the meteor circles (see below).
Graven Pulse Wave - causes four players to become tethered to the Statue of the Gods. After a delay, all tethered players will suffer a knockback from the statue itself, forcing them to 'aim' themselves so that they will be pushed into their chosen circle.
Ultimate Embrace - the shareable (physical) tankbuster.
From here, two more soak-circles will spawn that require two players each. Simultaneously, the Statue of the Gods will tether up all players and prepare to unleash the Sleep (status effect) icon1.png Sleep / Hysteria icon1.png Charm mechanic from the first phase. As a reminder: the group tethered to the top-left (yellow) side of the statue will find themselves being Hysteria icon1.png Charmed with murderous intent, whilst the group tethered to the mid-right (purple) side of the statue will find themselves being put to Sleep (status effect) icon1.png Sleep, unable to move or act in any way. The goal is to divide the four 'sleep' tether players so that there are two per meteor circle, whilst the charm-tethered players move to the outer edges so that they are as far from the sleeping players (and everyone else) as possible. Failure to do so will result in players killing each other whilst charmed and/or not being able to soak the meteors effectively. Assuming the raid is successful, Kefka will unload yet another Ultima (raidwide damage).

Afterwards, Kefka will execute the same pattern of Path of Light (3x meteor circles) and Angel Heads that were encountered during the very first Forsaken mini-phase and is handled in the same manner as it was then. The only difference is that Kefka will include a Wings of Destruction (Two-Wings) attack, forcing the tank and off-tank to be close/far from Kefka to receive the large AoE blast whilst the rest of the raid remain at a comfortable mid-distance, followed by a four-player meteor circle to the south that should be soaked once the tank and off-tank have been blasted.

After successfully handling the meteor circles, the Statue of the Gods will emerge once again and begin to charge an orb either to its left or right, indicating which side of the arena will soon be blasted for massive damage. Simultaneously, Wings of Destruction (One-Wing) will be used, which will also blast one side of the arena. Seeing as Kefka can be turned (or aimed), it is wise to ensure that Kefka is facing to the north or south, as doing so means that there will always be at least one safe quadrant (pizza slice) when both Kefka and the statue blast their half of the arena.

Assuming you survive, Light of Judgement will blast the raid once again and return the platform to normal, indicating the end of the mini-phase.

You're at the final stretch!

From here, players will have to deal with Trine (small) coupled with Wings of Destruction (One-Wing), followed by a two-wing version, and then Ultimate Embrace (shareable tankbuster). Then, players will deal with Trine (large) + Past/Future, followed by Hyperdrive (magical tankbuster), Ultima, another Ultima, and finally, a complete repeat of the previous Forsaken mini-phase. If Kefka is still active by the end of said mini-phase, he will Enrage (instead of using Light of Judgement to restore the platform). While enraged, Kefka will continuously bombard the raid will Ultima spam, with each blast providing Kefka with a Damage up icon1.png Damage Up buff. Should you survive his repeat-buffing onslaught, a very final Light of Judgement will destroy the raid.
</cleaned_strategy_text>
