<cleaned_strategy_text>
Chadarnook
You find yourself within in a square-shaped art gallery surrounded by mysterious paintings, one of which is haunted by a Chadarnook - a ghostly spectre that harnesses power by possessing paintings that represent various elements. You'll also notice four blank canvases on the ground which, when stood on, can be interacted with using the Chocobo Brush (duty action) to prepare for upcoming attacks. Unlike normal mode, each canvas will require players to fill them with specific paint colours (which are also present around the arena).

You will also notice four distinct paintings propped up in each corner of the arena that represents various elements - a giant rock (earth), a wall of flame (fire), an undersea scape (water), and a swirling green vortex (wind) - as well as one large portrait outside of the arena that represents The Goddess. Unlike normal mode, The Goddess will also possess paintings at the same time as the Chadarnook, forcing the raid to react to mechanics depending on which paintings are being possessed (and by whom).

Despite The Goddess being outside of the painting (instead of auto-attacking players from within the painting like normal mode), both tanks will still be receiving vicious auto-attacks throughout the encounter, so be wary!

Below is a list of all mechanics encountered during the battle and how to deal with them.

General Mechanics
Demonic Howl - an unavoidable raid-wide AoE that blasts the raid once Chadarnook emerges.
Demonic Shear - a nasty tank-buster against Chadarnook's primary target. Be sure to mitigate the blast with cooldowns whenever possible.
Possession (Demon-Fire) + (Goddess-Wind) - Goddess & Chadarnook approach the centre of the arena and will noticeably begin to tether themselves to the Fire painting (Chadarnook) and Wind painting (Goddess). All players will need to use their Chocobo Brush (duty action) on the canvas directly in front of the Fire painting to acquire a Fire Resist using Blue Paint. Eventually, the Chadarnook will unleash a waft of unavoidable fire damage upon the raid, slaying anyone who did not acquire the resistance buff in time. Meanwhile, a cyclonic circle of green wind will also appear at the north of the arena, containing a stack marker. After acquiring the Fire Resist buff, all players will need to stack inside the stack-marker to absorb upcoming damage from the Goddess.
Once both mechanics have resolved, the Chadarnook will unleash another Demonic Howl (unavoidable raid-wide AoE), thus healers should ensure that the raid is healthy beforehand.

Poltergeist - the Goddess summons a Reaper (add) which will automatically tether itself to a random healer. Whilst tethered, the Reaper will move towards the chosen healer whenever they are not looking directly at the add. If the Reaper gets too close to the tethered healer, they will immediately be slain, thus Healers must keep an eye on the Reaper (literally) whenever possible to keep stop it from moving.
Simultaneously, Chadarnook will unleash another Demonic Shear (tank-buster), whilst the Goddess invokes Divine Lure - a gaze-attack - forcing the raid to look away from her. Seeing as the Reaper will advance towards its tethered healer when they look away, they should only turn their back at the last possible moment, then immediately turn to face the Reaper once again.
Shortly after Demonic Shear and Divine Lure have resolved, the Reaper will vanish, followed by another Demonic Howl (raid-wide AoE damage).

Demonic Pain - tethers all players together into pairs. After a moderate delay, each pair of tethered players will take damage depending on how close they were to their partner. Seeing as tethers are proximity-based -- if a tethered pair are close to each other, the tether will be bright-pink, whereas if they move far enough apart, the tether will be shown as dark purple. By distancing yourself until the tether turns purple, players will take minimal damage, whereas anyone with pink tethers will take far greater damage. In short, simply move away from your chosen partner for the best result. As soon as Demonic Pain resolves, Chadarnook will unleash yet another Demonic Howl (blast of raid-wide AoE).

Release - indicated by the Chadarnook and Goddess moving to the centre of the arena and releasing themselves from previously chosen paintings, indicating that another painting-combo is imminent.

Possession (Demon-Wind) + (Goddess-Earth) - Goddess & Chadarnook approach the centre of the arena and will noticeably begin to tether themselves to the Wind painting (Chadarnook) and Earth painting (Goddess). After a brief delay, the Goddess will create large circle AoE's underneath all members of the raid simultaneously, whilst the Chadarnook summons cyclonic orbs around the arena that will eventually detonate via huge AoE explosions. Thankfully, the earth-AoE's can be baited into one location by having the raid stack in one location and then moving out of the spawned circles as soon as they appear. Similarly to normal mode, at least one player will also need to use a canvas to summon a mini-mount and use it to blow the windy orbs away from the rest of the raid before they explode. To do so, players will need to use Pink Paint on the appropriate canvas, then use the mini mounts pet ability.
As a rule of thumb, have the entire raid stack near the needed canvas so that a designated player can acquire the mini-mount, all while baiting the earthen AoE circles. Once the circles have spawned, all players can then move beside the boss whilst the designated player uses the mini-mount to blow any problematic wind-orbs away from the raid's chosen location, allowing everyone else to maintain up-time on the boss throughout the combo. Bear in mind that the Chadarnook will also unleash a Demonic Shear (tank-buster) at its primary target throughout the ordeal, followed by yet another Demonic Howl (raid-wide AoE blast).

Last Kiss - the Goddess applies an orange marker to a random damage dealer that will eventually apply a transferrable Last Kiss debuff to the chosen victim. Once the debuff expires, the player carrying it will suffer tremendous damage in an AoE around them. Seeing as the debuff itself can be transferred to other players, it is wise for the marked damage dealer to give the debuff to the off-tank, allowing them to mitigate the upcoming damage (away from the rest of the raid), leaving the main-tank free to deal with the Chadarnook itself.
Once Last Kiss has resolved, the Chadarnook will unleash another Demonic Howl (raid-wide AoE), and the Goddess will summon another Poltergeist (reaper add) before executing another Divine Lure (gaze attack) - both of which are dealt with in the same manner as before. Before the next mechanic takes place, the Chadarnook will bombard its main target with yet another Demonic Shear (tank-buster).

Demonic Storm - creates a stack-up marker on a random target, forcing the raid to group up and absorb the damage, followed by another Demonic Howl (blast of raid-wide damage).

Possession (Demon-Fire) + (Demon-Earth) + (Goddess-Water) - Goddess & Chadarnook approach the centre of the arena and will noticeably begin to tether themselves to the Fire painting (Chadarnook), Earth painting (also Chadarnook), and Water painting (Goddess) for a triple-painting combo. Just like before, all members of the raid will need to acquire the Fire Resistance buff by using Blue Paint on the appropriate canvas, then collect Black Paint and use it on the canvas in front of the Earth Painting to summon Air-Force mini-mounts, allowing all players to elevate off the floor during an upcoming seismic earthquake.
Meanwhile, the Goddess (having possessed the Water Painting) will eventually smash the arena with rectangle-shaped blasts of water at a diagonal angle, leaving very few (and very thin) safe-spots in the very corners of the arena. The easiest method is to grab the Fire Resistance buff, hop on an Air-Force mini-mount and stack by the earth-painting itself, which is very close to where players acquire the Air-Force mount anyway.

Materialize - similar to normal mode, the Chadarnook will now create a clone of itself which will utilize various painting mechanics in combination with the original. Whilst cloning itself, players will need to deal with another Demonic Pain (tethered pairs).

Lullaby - the Goddess applies debuffs to all members of the raid, draining their resources periodically (MP & TP) and reducing their healing received. The Chadarnook will then compound the problem by repeatedly using Demonic Howl (raid-wide AoE). To remove the debuff, players will need to use all available colours of paint to fill the Siren canvas in the middle of the arena.
Once summoned, the Siren's Song of Bravery will wash away the debuff, allowing healing to be received in full and to restore all drained MP & TP to the raid. Seeing as four colours are required to fill the Siren's canvas, it is wise to assign four players to the task, with each one grabbing a needed colour each. Bear in mind that the Chadarnook will use Demonic Shear during this time, peppering its main target with a tank-buster.

Prey - repeatedly bombards two random damage dealers with a continuous wave of small AoE shockwaves that will follow their movements. Targeted players should keep on the move until the effect expires, as standing still will result in constant damage. After marking two targets with Prey, the Goddess will use Last Kiss on a random player once more, whilst the Chadarnook unleashes yet another Demonic Howl (raid-wide AoE). Don't forget to transfer the Last Kiss debuff to the off-tank!

Possession (Demon-Wind) + (Demon-Water) + (Goddess-Earth) - Goddess, Chadarnook, and its clone, approach the centre of the arena and will noticeably begin to tether themselves to the Wind painting (Chadarnook), Water painting (also Chadarnook), and Earth painting (Goddess) for another triple-painting combo. Just like the last time Goddess possessed the earth painting, all players will eventually spawn a massive earthen AoE circle beneath their feet which can be baited by stacking up.
Whilst dealing with the upcoming AoE's, players will also need to use Yellow Paint to summon a Boulder from the canvas in front of the Water painting, using this to hide from an upcoming flash-flood. Once the boulder has been summoned, simply hide behind the boulder until the water recedes. Then, thanks to the cyclonic orbs being summoned from the demonic Wind painting, Pink Paint will once again be needed to summon the appropriate mini-mount, which one player will use to blow the windy orbs away from the rest of the raid. Before the wind-orbs explode, the Chadarnook will unleash yet another Demonic Howl (raid-wide AoE), so be wary!

Demonic Spout + Flash Gale - the Chadarnook will use its chosen painting to spawn two sets of AoE circles beneath the players' feet (similar to the earth-painting version, except twice in a row and will smaller AoE circles). Meanwhile, the Chadarnook clone will prepare a Flash Gale stack-up marker (similar to Demonic Storm from earlier). Due to all players spawning AoE circles beneath their feet, players should bait the two sets of AoE circles as a group, preferably by moving from one side of the boss to the other (allowing you to maintain uptime). Once the AoE's have resolved, players are free to stand still to absorb the stack-marker.
As soon as both mechanics have resolved, the raid will contend with yet another Demonic Pain (paired tethers) and Demonic Howl (raid-wide damage), while the clone uses the Water Painting to unleash another diagonal flash-flood across the arena, similar to the previous version used by the Goddess. To avoid, make sure you are standing in a corner (opposite the water painting).

Possession (Demon-Fire) + (Demon-Earth) + (Goddess-Wind) - Goddess & Chadarnook approach the centre of the arena and will noticeably begin to tether themselves to the Fire painting (Chadarnook), Earth painting (also Chadarnook), and Wind painting (Goddess) for a triple-painting combo. All participants will need to acquire the Fire Resistance buff by using Blue Paint on the appropriate canvas, then collect Black Paint and use it on the canvas in front of the Earth Painting to summon Air-Force mini-mounts, allowing all players to elevate off the floor during an upcoming seismic earthquake.
Meanwhile, just like the very first possession at the start of the battle, a cyclonic circle of green wind will appear at the north of the arena, containing a stack marker. After acquiring the Fire Resist buff and acquiring Air-Force mini-mounts, be sure to group inside the stack-marker to absorb upcoming damage from the Goddess. This healing-intensive moment is followed by yet another Demonic Howl (raid-wide damage), followed by Demonic Shear (tank-buster), so healers should remain on their toes throughout.

Materialize - summons the Chadarnook clone next to the Earth Painting whilst the Goddess uses Poltergeist to summon another Reaper, tethering it to a random healer (and dealt with in the same way as before). Just like all previous Poltergeist casts, the raid will need to turn their back to avoid a Divine Lure (gaze-attack), except this time, two random targets will also be dealing with Prey - the seismic AoE's that follow their movements.
Demonic Howl will then bombard the raid with even more unavoidable damage, followed by Demonic Shear (tank-buster), Demonic Pain (tethered pairs), another Demonic Howl (raid-wide AoE).

Possession (Demon-Wind) + (Demon-Water) + (Goddess-Earth) - Goddess, Chadarnook, and its clone, approach the centre of the arena and will noticeably begin to tether themselves to the Wind painting (Chadarnook), Water painting (also Chadarnook), and Earth painting (Goddess) - a combination you have dealt with not too long ago.
In summary -- players will once again drop massive AoE's at their current location which can be baited for positional ease. Utilize Yellow Paint to summon a Boulder from the canvas in front of the Water painting and hide from an upcoming flash-flood, whilst also using Pink Paint to summon a mini-mount that can be used to blow away the windy orbs once the watery attack has receded. Like most mechanics, it will be followed by yet another Demonic Howl (raid-wide AoE).

Assuming the fight has reached this point and the Chadarnook is still active, it will eventually long-cast an (Enraged) Demonic Howl to wipe the entire raid.
</cleaned_strategy_text>