<strategy_text>
Face
Lines of Fire: The boss will tether to the face statues outside of the arena, and several line AoEs will appear that force players into alignment with one of the statues. Getting hit by any of these will result in the death of the player. Once the beams fire, the face the player is in line with will debuff them with a stack of either Smiley Face (blue) or Frowny Face (red). Players must alternate between the two debuffs for the entire fight, as getting two stacks deals heavy damage, knocks the player back and debuffs with Down for the Count. Three stacks will K.O the player.
Off My Lawn: Knockback usually combined with targeted AoE for each player, spread out to avoid overlapping. Every use after the first will be combined with Lines of Fire to make your positioning even more difficult to figure out; anti-knockback works fine if the proper safe lane is out of melee range or otherwise inconvenient.
Temper's Flare: Raid-wide AoE.
Upside Down: Turns the faces on the outside upside down so their color switches.
Heart On Fire IV: Tankbuster.

Frameworker
Circular Saw: Raid-wide AoE.
Leap Forward: Jumps in the direction boss is facing and drop a massive AoE. Move to the opposite wall that the boss is facing to avoid.
Print Workers: Commands the two adds to copy the Leap mechanic.
Omnidimensional Onslaught: Cone AoEs first in the cardinal directions and then in the intercardinal directions, move into the safe spot when the first set of AoEs pop.
Steel Beam: Tankbuster.

Smilemaker: The Big Cheese
Explosives Distribution: Places two explosive tanks on the outside of the arena on conveyer belts. Arrows will soon appear indicating how far the explosives will move. One conveyor will have single arrows indicating the explosive will move to the half of the arena close to the boss, while the other conveyor will have multiple arrows indicating it will move to the half of the arena far from the boss. Move to a safe zone to avoid.
Piercing Missile: Tankbuster.
Dispense Explosives: Spawns two bombs in two different quadrants that will explode if players enter their radius.
Explosive Power: Detonates the bombs that have been placed.
Right Disassembler: Cleave on the right side of the boss.
Left Disassembler: Cleave on the left side of the boss.
Electric Arc: Stack.
Levelling Missile: Targeted AoEs on each player.
Violent Discharge: Raid-wide AoE.
</strategy_text>