<strategy_text>
Duty Support
Objectives
Defeat Raskovnik.
Defeat Myath.
Defeat Tioman.

Raskovnik
Acid Rain places several small AoE circles on all players
Sweet Scent spawns Dravanian Hornets that deal no damage and slowly move towards the boss. Kill hornets before they reach the boss
Raskovnik will mark a player and draw them in after a few moments, stunning them for 2s, then cast Flower Devour, a circular AoE attack. Hornets in range of Devour will give the boss a stacking damage increase
Spit is a basic room-wide AoE to be healed through

Myath
Razor Scales is a large cone AoE targeted at a random party member, move to avoid
Primordial Roar does a small amount of damage to the entire party and spawns four blob enemies, two red Blood of the Mountains and two blue Rheum of the Mountains
Myath leaps on to blobs and casts Mad Dash targeted at one party member. The color corresponds to the color of the blob that was just leaped on to.
Red: The targeted player will receive a stack marker.
Blue: The targeted player will receive a purple AoE telegraph and should stay away from others.
The second time Primordial Roar is used, it will spawn an additional fifth blob, a large green Chyme of the Mountain. This will immediately begin to cast The Last Song which does very high damage to the entire party if it is not killed before the cast completes.

Tioman
Abyssic Buster is a moderate damage frontal-cone. Tanks should keep the boss facing away from the party.
Chaos Blast places a multidirectional arrangement of line AoE telegraphs at a random point in the room.
Comet will spawn random AoE circles around the room and mark two non-tank party members with comet markers. After a few seconds, these markers disappear and a ground proximity marker is placed at the player's location, which shortly after does damage based on how close you are to that position. Marked players should move to the edge of the arena away from the tank, then as soon as the marker disappears run back to minimise the damage they take.
Later in the fight, Comet will mark all three non-tank party members.

Wing Phase
Becomes invincible at 50%, and Tioman's wings become two separate targets. Both wings needs to be attacked and destroyed to make her vulnerable again.
Heavensfall is repeatedly cast during this phase, targeting a random player who will shortly after be hit with a weak unavoidable attack, along with a cluster of AoE markers at their location. Marked players should move away from the rest of the group and then move out of the AoE circles as soon as they appear.
Dark Star is unavoidable damage to the entire party
Once the wings are destroyed, the original fight mechanics resume.
</strategy_text>