<strategy_text>
Duty Support
Aymeric, Alphinaud, Temple Banneret, Class Lord Commander, Academician, Banneret
Roles: Tank or DPS, Healer or DPS, DPS

Objectives
Overcome Unsevered Despair: 0/1
Overcome Unstifled Prayer: 0/1
Defeat Hraesvelgr: 0/1

Bosses
Sohr Khai Bosses Guide (Updated for 6.3)

Chieftain Moglin
Just like Thornmarch, this fight is primarily about managing the adds that spawn. However, this fight is much easier.

Moglin will periodically attempt to revive the adds; knock them away with abilities or auto-attack to prevent them from resurrecting. Healers should be on the lookout for Moglin casting Holy, which will do unavoidable AoE damage to the entire party.

Captain Mogsun- if he is alive and within range of Moglin, he'll tether to him and make him invincible. Take him down ASAP!

Resurrecting Moogles- Moogles of various classes will spawn throughout the fight. They're not too hard to kill, but as they die, Moglin will periodically drop purple AOE circles (kind of like the summoning circles from first boss of Haukke Hard) on the Moogles' corpses. Attack the corpses to knock them out of the circles, otherwise they'll be revived at full health (this applies to Captain Mogsun too). Be advised that if you knock the corpses to the edge of the arena, they can be quite difficult to move again should the need arise. Direct them toward the center instead, if possible.

Note: kill the 3 moogles when they spawn, then when he casts revive (the circles) shoot the dead moogles out of the circle then continue to kill the boss, then he will summon more moogles kill them and then he does those purples circles to try to revive them shoot them out again then repeat till boss dead!

Kill the adds that spawn. Knock them out of the circles to prevent them from resurrecting.
AoE heal through Moglin's casts of Holy.
Otherwise, tank-and-spank.

Poqhiraj
This boss has several unavoidable AoEs, and is both a healer check and a positioning check for all members of the party.

Destructible Environment- the walls on either side of the corridor can be knocked down in chunks by certain attacks Poqhiraj uses. When they fall, they expose an electrified pool behind them. Avoid standing in it as it applies a DOT that deals heavy damage per tick and cannot be dispelled.

Jump- Poqhiraj jumps, becomes untargetable as one might expect, and prepares to land at one end of the corridor using a familiar proximity indicator from earlier encounters. This will deal party-wide damage based on how close you are to the landing spot. Run away from the indicator (to the other end of the platform) to avoid excess damage.

Charge- after landing, Poqhiraj charges down the corridor. This is unavoidable, and has a knockback effect as well. Players will take more damage the closer they are to the center, being knocked into the air if dead center. All players hit on the sides of the platform will be knocked away from the center of the corridor, so make sure to stand by a wall so you don't get knocked into a pool of electric death. If no walls are available, stand in the center -- getting knocked into the air is much less painful than receiving the DoT.

Quasar- unmarked line AOE with a reasonable cast time. This attack is probably the main reason walls fall down; stack directly behind the horse to keep Quasar from going off to the side and hitting walls. Can also be aimed down the center of the platform to avoid hitting any walls.

Cloud Call- one player will receive a purple marker; when the marker disappears, a thundercloud will spawn over their head. This cloud will pulse heavy damage, apply a vulnerability debuff, and destroys walls that are next to it. Fortunately, the radius of the pulse is slightly smaller than the width of the corridor. Tanks should pull away from this, if possible, to avoid stacking vulnerability debuffs on themselves.

A good early placement for my cloud is halfway down the corridor, smooshed up against the wall. Later in the encounter, try to place this near a wall that has already been destroyed. This placement allows enough room to run by (to get away from Touchdown) without getting struck by lightning.

Stand in the center of the platform unless targeted, to prevent Quasar from hitting any walls.
Place any Cloud Calls away from the party, near a wall that will or has been destroyed.
Prefer standing by a wall during Charge. Prefer standing in the center of the corridor if no walls are left or you can't get to one in time.

Hraesvelgr
As of Patch 6.3, Hraesvelgr is only fought on one big circular pedestal, making it easier to focus on defeating him.

Wyrmclaw: Tankbuster
Hallowed Wings: One of Hraesvelgr's wings will glow to indicate a cleave on either his right or left side. Move to the other side before the cast goes off.
Holy Storm: Unavoidable party damage
Hallowed Dive: Hraesvelgr leaves the arena and performs a line AoE across the middle. On the edges, two moving circle AoEs will spawn, so the player must move back to the middle once Hraesvelgr has dived across.
Akh Morn: Multi-hit stack marker.
Diamond Storm: Hraesvelgr will freeze the floor, causing any player who moves to start sliding across in the direction they moved in.
Frigid Dive: While the arena is frozen, Hraesvelgr will perform a line AoE across the middle similar to Hallowed Dive. This is accompanied by several red AoE circles on the ground. Only slide if you are on top of an AoE to avoid damage.
Holy Breath: Hraesvelgr plants purple AoE circles on every player, who should spread out to avoid overlapping.

At this point, the mechanics repeat themselves until Hraesvelgr is defeated.
</strategy_text>