<strategy_text>

Phase 1: Twintania
Strategy:
100% - 74% % HP
The boss will start off by using Plummet, followed by Twister and Fireball. Players should drop their Twister AoE at the edge of the arena, then group up to split the Fireball damage. The boss will then use Death Sentence on the main tank. Players should tankswap during the cast. The boss will then repeat these attacks until it reaches 74%, where it will drop its first Neurolink puddle.

74% - 44% HP
From here the boss will start using Generate and Liquid Hell.
The tank should move the boss away from the puddle so players can step into the Neurolink without immediately colliding with the Generate orb and accidentally hitting anyone with the blast. There are several strategies on where to have the boss drop the Neurolink puddle, so players should predetermine where they are going to drop it. From here, an assigned player (usually the physical ranged DPS) should stand furthest away from the boss to bait Liquid Hell puddles, dropping them around the edge of the arena. After dropping the Neurolink, the boss will immediately cast Liquid Hell. Have the targeted player move out of the attack and make sure other players don't step into the puddles while moving out of mechanics. The boss will then cast Generate and mark a DPS with three small orbs rotating above them. The boss will then send the Hatch orb towards the player. The DPS needs to move inside the Neurolink and everyone else needs to move away to avoid the splash from the explosion. After sending the orb towards the marked player, the boss will cast another Liquid Hell. If the assigned Liquid Hell baiter is targeted by the first Hatch, another player should move to bait the next set of Liquid Hells. Alternatively, the assigned baiter can stand at the wall behind the Neurolink while another player (usually a caster or healer) enters the Neurolink puddle to intercept the orb. The boss will then follow up with Death Sentence, requiring another tankswap. The boss will then cast another Generate and Twister. Players will have to bait this attack and wait for the Hatch to explode before moving back into the center of the arena. The boss will finally use another Plummet, and repeat these attacks in this order until it reaches 44% HP.

44% - 0% HP
Once the boss's HP is below 44% it will drop another Neurolink puddle. From here, the boss will have variations for its two newest attacks. The boss will fire two Generate orbs at two different players, and a random player will be targeted by Liquid Hell and cannot be baited. The variable Liquid Hell will always come out in the same order in the rotation. After dropping the second Neurolink, the boss will start by firing a Liquid Hell at the furthest player, then follow up with a Generate. Once the orbs are cast, the boss will then immediately target a random player and use the variant of Liquid Hell. Once the players' marked for Generate have handled their orbs, all players except the one targeted by Liquid Hell should stack for Fireball to mitigate the damage. The boss will then cast Death Sentence. requiring a tankswap, another set of orbs on two marked DPS players with Twister, then finally a Plummet to end the rotation. The boss will then cycle through these attacks starting with the first Liquid Hell and continue until it is either defeated or enrages.

If the boss is not defeated after 3 minutes, it will enrage, becoming intangible and cast Aetheric Profusion, wiping the party.

Phase 2: Nael Deus Darnus
Strategy:
Nael has many attacks that don't have any cast bar or indicator that they are coming out. The boss will, however, call out a quote that indicates what attacks will follow the quote. Players need to still be familiar with what attacks follow each quote, but this lets players prepare and position themselves to some degree.

The quotes and their associated attacks are as follows:
O hallowed moon, take fire and scorch my foes! - Lunar Dynamo, Thermionic Beam
O hallowed moon, shine you the iron path! - Lunar Dynamo, Iron Chariot
Take fire, O hallowed moon! - Thermionic Beam, Lunar Dynamo
Blazing path, lead me to iron rule! - Thermionic Beam, Iron Chariot
Fleeting light! Amid a rain of stars, exalt you the red moon! - Meteor Stream, Dalamud Dive
Fleeting light! 'Neath the red moon, scorch your earth! - Dalamud Dive, Thermionic Beam
From on high I descend, the iron path to call/walk! - Raven's Dive, Iron Chariot
From on high I descend, the hallowed moon to call! - Raven's Dive, Lunar Dynamo

It helps to have someone calling the attacks and how players need to move to minimize players taking damage.

The boss will start the phase by immediately dropping a proximity marker in the center of the room, indicating that Heavensfall is about to come out. Players should mitigate this damage and use knockback resistance if they have it. After this, glowing conal AoEs will fire from the center where the pillar fell. Players need to avoid these, as if they are hit, the AoE will deal lethal damage, and if a player manages to survive, they are debuffed with Paralysis. While the AoEs are resolving, the boss will cast Meteor Stream, so players should spread out to avoid overlapping damage. Following this, the boss will use Dalamud Dive on the last player who held enmity on Twintania. This also deals splash damage, so players need to stay away.

The boss will land and cast Bahamut's Claw on the main target, then immediately cast Bahamut's Favor, spawning the 5 dragons at the edge of the arena. The boss will call one of it's quotes, then the Thunder Dragon will inflict two players with Thunderstruck. Meanwhile, the boss will cast Lunar Dynamo. To avoid overlapping players with the Thunderstruck splash, the boss should be pulled to the middle of the arena, the two inflicted players should stand on the flanks of the boss while the party stands in front of the boss.

At this point, the quote attacks will come out, so move accordingly to avoid. The Fire Dragon will tether to a player at this time as well, so make sure to move players in or out depending on what strategy is being used to handle the dragon's debuffs. At this time, two random players will be inflicted with Doom, while Wings of Salvation will drop puddles that players need to move out of until they resolve, then the Doomed players can dispel the debuff. The circles will appear at staggered times, so the player with the shorter version of Doom will need to take the first circle, and the player with the longer debuff takes the second. The boss will then use Bahamut's Claw on the main tank, and the Fire Dragon will tether to another player, while the Thunder Dragon marks two players for Thunderstruck. These players can simply move away from the rest of the party as the boss will not have a Lunar Dynamo up at this time.

The boss will call another quote, and players will have to adjust. The boss will be casting Thermionic Beam first, so players should stack for that, then move to avoid the second attack. The Light Dragon and Dark Dragon will cycle through casting Doom and Wings of Salvation, however this time, three players will be debuffed with Doom so players will still need to dispel in accordance with who has the shortest duration on their Doom debuff. Another two players will be marked for Thunderstruck, and a player will be tethered for Fireball. However, this time, the Thunderstruck debuff will resolve before the Fire Dragon casts Fireball, so players will have to spread for Thunderstruck, then stack in for Fireball if players are debuffing with this one. The boss will follow up with another Bahamut's Claw on the main tank.

The boss will say another quote to determine if Lunar Dynamo or Iron Chariot will follow Raven's Dive. Since the boss will always use Raven's Dive here, players should stack close to the boss in their assigned clock positions. This lets players avoid getting knocked back and extra damage, while staying close enough to still react to mechanics. When the second attack fires, a tether will come out for another Fireball while two more players are marked by Thunderstruck. Like last time, the Fireball will cast after Thunderstruck resolves, so separate first. Immediately after the Fireball resolves, three more players will be marked with Doom, while other players are marked with Wings of Salvation. After all the wings resolve, Nael Deus Darnus will cast Ravensbeak so the tanks will need to swap mid cast. Following this, the boss will say a fourth quote, then 3 random players will be marked with green markers. Divebombs These green markers indicate that three dragons will use Cauterize (i.e., divebomb). Marked players should position these at the edge of the arena, spread far out from each other, and between the dragons. The goal is to have the dragons dive across the edges of the arena while keeping the center safe. While players are setting up for Cauterize, the boss will fire Hypernova at the players furthest away. Since players moving for Cauterize will most likely be furthest away, so to handle both these mechanics, wait until the green markers disappear before moving out of the way of Hypernova.

At this point, the attacks for the fourth quote will come out. Players need to pay attention so they know whether to spread for Meteor Stream or stack to mitigate Thermionic Beam. Either way, players should move away from the main tank to avoid the splash from Dalamud Dive from either the first or second attack.

Once the Cauterize have resolved, the dragons' won't be present for the rest of the fight. The boss will use Bahamut's Claw, then call out two quotes chosen completely at random from any of the boss's quotes, so players need to pay attention in order to be ready to move. A Ravensbeak will follow this, so be ready to tankswap. This will be followed by another Bahamut's Claw, then the boss will enrage, become intangible and cast Megaflare, wiping the party, so defeat the boss before then.

Once the Nael is defeated, the boss will jump away. Players should heal and prepare to mitigate an incoming attack.

Phase 3: Bahamut Prime
Strategy:
Bahamut Prime will appear and cast Flare Breath and Flatten, then summon Nael Deus Darnus and Twintania Quickmarch Trio. All three bosses will appear next to each other at the edge of the arena and dash through the middle of the arena. This will create safe zones at the adjacent edges to the bosses. The boss will cast Twister at the same time in the safe zone that players need to dodge. It is recommended that players split into their light parties and move to each side to avoid overcrowding of Twisters in one area. Watch the enemy list to see when the cast will finish. Once Twisters resolve, Bahamut will cast Megaflare and Earthshaker, which will target both healers and a DPS. The boss will also tether players with Tempest Wing.

The best way to handle these mechanics is to have any players marked for Megaflare move to the southern part of the arena, leaving space in between them to avoid excess splash damage. Have one healer each move to the northeast and northwest of the arena, along with tanks. Be sure to avoid the direct north and south of the arena, as the charge through the arena is quite wide. Move away from where the Twisters drop, and space out for Megaflare splash damage, while the marked player's stack. Have the Earthshaker players move to the north, east and west, closer to the edge of the arena. Finally, have the tanks grab the tethers for Tempest Wing. Earthshaker will fire, so be careful about overlapping the AoEs, as this will cause lethal damage.

Bahamut will perform Flare Breath and Flatten again Blackfire Trio. A player will be marked with a Divebomb marker. Instead of moving to where players drop the marker, the boss will move to where it appears instead. Twintania will also mark players for Liquid Hell, and Nael will cast Thermionic Beam after that. To handle this mechanic, players should group together and move around the edge of the arena away from Bahamut to bait where the marker appears. Once the Divebomb marker pops up, players can move around the arena to drop the Liquid Hell puddles at the edge of the arena to avoid them at a later point, then Nael will hit a player with Thermionic Beam, but since everyone's stacked, the damage will be mitigated well.

Nael will then mark 2 DPS, a healer and a tank with Megaflare markers while four pillars will spawn around the arena. Each tower needs a player inside it before it explodes, or it will wipe the party. Nael will also cast Hypernovas at players, so players need to dodge out of the Hypernovas before standing in the towers. The Megaflare players need to stack away from the group at this point.

After the towers resolve, Bahamut will begin casting Gigaflare, so shields and mitigation is required. After casting Flare Breath three times in a row, the other bosses will return once again Fellruin Trio. The three bosses will land in a triangle around the center of the arena. Nael will use either the Raven's Dive/Lunar Dynamo quote, or the reverse of that. Bahamut will cast Tempest Wing, putting out two tethers that need to be picked up by the tanks. Twintania will then cast Aetheric Profusion. The only way to survive is to mitigate using the Neurolink puddles. The tanks will take a puddle each, while the rest of the party will step into the remaining Neurolink. Immediately after these attacks resolve, Nael will cast Meteor Stream, so players need to spread out to avoid splash damage. Bahamut will follow this up with another Gigaflare, so shields and healing are required. The boss will cast Flare Breath, Flatten and another Flare Breath Heavensfall Trio.

The three bosses will spawn in a line at the edge of the arena. Bahamut and Twintania will mark players with Divebomb markers, then charge through the arena towards them. Immediately after, Twintania will cast Twister, and Bahamut will spawn 8 towers around the arena near the edge. Shortly after, Heavensfall will cast, dropping a large pillar in the center of the arena, causing knockback. Finally, a player will be marked for Fireball, then another Gigaflare.

To handle these mechanics, players will need to stack in the center of the arena to bait the bosses charging through the arena. Players should observe the order in which the bosses spawned at the edge. If Bahamut and Twintania are next to one another, players can split into light parties and move to either side of the arena. If Nael Deus Darnus is between them, the bosses will charge across the arena in a cross pattern, meaning two players in the north, east, south and west is the maximum amount of players that can be in each safe zone. Once Twisters drop, players will move closer to the center of the arena, putting their backs to a tower, so when Heavensfall resolves, players will be knocked back into their towers. After the towers resolve, players need to be ready to dodge the AoEs that fire from the pillar in the center of the arena. Nael will cast Hypernova three times at random players, so move along the edge of the arena to bait these. Following this, a random player will be marked for Fireball, so players need to stack to mitigate this. Finally, players will need to mitigate the Gigaflare that follows. The boss will return to the arena and cast Flare Breath three times.

Tenstrike Trio
Twintania will spawn in the center of the arena and mark three players for Generate, then fire two orbs per marked player. The only way to avoid the orbs exploding and causing fatal damage is to have three players stand in the Neurolink puddles and intercept an orb each. While this is resolving, Nael will cast Meteor Stream on each player, and divebomb each of the DPS, the healers, then the tanks. To handle this, players should spread to their clock positions to avoid splash damage and soak the meteors. Following this, four players will be marked for Earthshaker. Marked players should move to the intercardinals to create safe zones at the north and south of the arena. Following this, the other four players