<strategy_text>

Phase 1: Omega
Program Loop: Assigns various debuffs to players. All players will be given Looper with various timers (16, 25, 34, or 43 seconds). For ease of identification, each Looper timer will be denoted with a First/Second/Third/Fourth in Line debuff. Two random players will each receive a given debuff timer. Players must cleanse this debuff by soaking a yellow tower, which will also deal moderate damage (Storage Violation) and inflict a stack of Twice-come Ruin. If this reaches two stacks (i.e., the player is is hit by another mechanic until it wears off) it will inflict Doom, killing them. Failing to cleanse Looper before the timer expires will inflict the player with Memory Loss, causing them to uncontrollably walk into the death wall.

Four sets of two towers each will sequentially spawn. Towers will always spawn 90 or 180 degrees from each other between the intercardinals. Players must soak these towers in the order of their Looper / In Line debuffs or the tower will explode and wipe the raid (Storage Violation Obliteration). Players who do not have Looper are unable to soak towers.

The boss will also tether two random players at the start of the mechanic. These tethers can be passed between players. It will use Blaster four times in a row, hitting the currently tethered players with a massive circular AoE that inflicts HP Penalty debuff that decreases their maximum HP by 99% for the debuff duration and inflicts a stack of Twice-come Ruin.

To prevent deaths from overlapping mechanic damage and excess stacks of Twice-come Ruin, these tethers should be grabbed in the order of 3 - 4 - 1 - 2 based on the In Line debuffs. Players who get the tethers must move away from the towers that are about be soaked. Players who are not currently soaking towers should stand near them to dodge the Blaster AoEs. Players whose HP Penalty debuffs fall off and are about to soak a tower will need to be healed, or they will die from the soak damage.

Pantokrator: Assigns various debuffs to players. All players will be given Guided Missile Kyrios Incoming with various timers and Condensed Wave Cannon Kyrios, both with various timers (12, 18, 24, or 30 seconds). For ease of identification, each Guided Missile Kyrios Incoming timer will be denoted with a First/Second/Third/Fourth in Line debuff. Two random players will each receive a given Missile debuff timer, which also determines their Wave Cannon timer. When the debuff expires, the player will be hit with a medium-sized circle AoE (Guided Missile Kyrios) that deals moderate damage, inflicts Magic Vulnerability Up, and knocks back and kills anyone else caught in the AoE, requiring the player to be isolated when the debuff expires.

When Condensed Wave Cannon Kyrios expires, the player will be targeted with a heavy-hitting line AoE that must be split among three players to prevent lethal damage. This also inflicts Magic Vulnerability Up.

The party must split into two groups of four players, each having four different In Line debuffs. Each group will rotate to dodge the conal and circular AoEs while remaining stacked to soak Condensed Wave Cannon Kyrios. Heavy mitigation and healing are required. Players whose Missile debuffs are about to expire must leave the stack and soak their missile alone to prevent killing others, while avoiding the concurrent Wave Cannon. They must then return to the stack.

When all debuffs resolve, the boss will target the two furthest players with five-hit, massive tankbuster cleaves (Diffuse Wave Cannon Kyrios). In addition, three non-tanks will be marked with an orange marker, indicating they will bait a line AoE (Wave Cannon Kyrios) that deals damage and inflicts Magic Vulnerability Up. After these resolve, the remaining three non-tanks will be marked and must bait the AoEs. Both tanks can stack on each other at max melee range in front of the boss and use their invulnerability cooldowns, while the rest of the party spreads and stays in fixed positions along the flanks and rear.

Phase 2: Omega-M and Omega-F
Firewall: causes Omega-M and Omega-F to inflict Packet Filter For Packet Filter Mon to each player, rendering them incapable of damaging the other Omega form for as long as the debuff persists. Each boss will inflict their debuff on the four closest players to it, allowing the party to preposition. It is not possible for one player to have both debuffs at once.

Solar Ray: Each boss will hit their highest enmity player with a heavy-hitting, telegraphed AoE tankbuster.

Party Synergy: Assigns all players with either Mid Glitch or Remote Glitch, both of which tether random pairs of players together. All players will receive the same debuff. Both debuffs require paired players to be of a certain distance from each other, or they will be inflicted with Vulnerability Up, when the distance is not correct, making any damage taken lethal.

Mid Glitch requires the tether to be of a moderate length (around half of the arena). Remote Glitch requires the tether to be fully stretched out (around the diameter of the arena). Each member of a pair will also be given an overhead marker (red circle, blue X, green triangle, purple square) for easy identification and positioning for upcoming mechanics. The symbols will disappear after several seconds. The bosses will become untargetable and begin a series of mechanics:

Several clones of Omega-M and Omega-F will appear in fixed patterns. These will telegraph certain AoEs based on their stance. Players will need to quickly identify and dodge into the safe spots, as the orange AoE indicators will very briefly appear.

An Omega-M and Omega-F clone will always be directly opposite from each other with a third clone in line in the middle. The clones at the ends of this line will attack first.

If the Omega-M clone has a shield, it will use Beyond Strength, a donut AoE.
If the Omega-M clone has a sword, it will use Efficient Bladework, a point-blank AoE.
If the Omega-F clone has bladed legs, it will use Superliminal Steel, which hits the sides of the clone, leaving the middle safe.
If the Omega-F clone has a staff, it will use Optimized Blizzard III, a cross AoE through where it is facing, leaving her relative intercardinals safe.

After dodging these AoEs, players will need to identify the large eye at the edge of the arena, which spawns at a random cardinal or intercardinal. This eye will do a massive line AoE (Optical Laser) through the middle of the arena, requiring the party to split into two groups of four players at the edges.

Each player will be hit with Optimized Fire III, a large circle AoE that requires the party to be fully spread to the two safe spots at the sides of the eye. Players must also satisfy their Glitch distance requirement to prevent lethal damage. Note that if a player is dead when the AoEs resolve, a random player will receive two AoEs, killing them.

If Mid Glitch is active, each pair must position so their tether is perpendicular to the eye line AoE and not fully stretch it out, i.e. they must be close to the line AoE but not directly next to it.
If Remote Glitch is active, each pair must be opposite from each other as far as possible. The two pairs closest and furthest from the eye must stretch their tether through the center point, while the two middle pairs can go to the wall and have their tether perpendicular to the eye line AoE. Alternatively, all pairs can stretch their tether through the center point.

Afterwards, two random players will be given a stack marker (Spotlight), while an Omega-F clone will cast Discharger, a knockback from the middle. Five clones close to the edges will each use a point-blank AoE (Efficient Bladework), leaving three small safe spots that are 90 degrees from each other. Three clones will be directly adjacent (45 degrees) to each other, which can be used to orient to the safe spots. The party must again correctly split into two groups of four and be knocked back to different safe spots that satisfy the Glitch distance requirement to prevent lethal damage from the stack AoE.

If Mid Glitch is active, the light parties must be knocked back to adjacent safe spots (90 degrees apart).
If Remote Glitch is active, the light parties must be knocked back to opposite safe spots (180 degrees apart).

The Glitch debuffs will expire, concluding the mechanic.

Synthetic Shield: Omega-M casts this, equipping a shield in preparation for the next mechanic.

Limitless Synergy: A series of mechanics from untargetable Omega-M and Omega-F clones that conclude the phase.

Omega-F will move to the north of the arena and begin a long cast of Laser Shower, which will wipe the party if she is not defeated before this cast finishes.

Omega-M will remain in the middle and make Omega-F invulnerable. He must be defeated first. The party will lose the Packet Filter debuffs, so everyone should focus on Omega-M.

An Omega-M clone will target a random party member with Optimized Sagittarius Arrow, a telegraphed line AoE. The party should stack to bait this, then dodge.

An Omega-M and Omega-F clone will tether two random players. These tethers must be picked up by the tanks, who will be hit with Optimized Bladedance, a massive conal tankbuster that requires heavy mitigation and inflicts Physical Vulnerability Up. These must be baited away from the party, who will be dodging Optimized Sagittarius Arrow.

An Omega-F clone will mark 3 random players with flare markers and Prey, who will be hit with Optimized Meteor, a proximity AoE. These players can move away from the center to lower the proximity damage. Alternatively, with heavy mitigation, they can stack together near the middle.

The Omega-M clone with a shield will use Beyond Defense on either the closet or second-closest player, a medium-sized AoE that inflicts a stack of Twice-come Ruin. The tanks should be close to this clone to bait this. They must also spread, because any other player hit except for the primary target will be knocked into the wall and killed.

The same Omega-M clone will then use Pile Pitch on the closest player, a stack AoE that inflicts a stack of Twice-come Ruin. The tank hit with Beyond Defense must avoid baiting and stay out of the stack, or they will die. The tank not hit with Beyond Defense should stack with the party.

Finally, an Omega-M and Omega-F clone will use Cosmo Memory, a heavy-hitting raidwide AoE that requires mitigation.

The mechanics for this phase conclude here, so the party should focus on defeating Omega-M then Omega-F before the Laser Shower enrage is allowed to finish casting.

Intermission: Reconfiguration
Four random players will receive Sniper Cannon Fodder (purple). When the debuff expires, the players will emit a medium-sized circular AoE that deals high damage and inflicts Magic Vulnerability Up, requiring them to be spread.

Two random players will receive High-powered Sniper Cannon Fodder (white). When the debuff expires, the players will emit a medium-sized circular AoE that deals high damage, inflicts Magic Vulnerability Up, and must be split with one other player.

The remaining two players will not receive a debuff. Each will stack with a player inflicted with High-powered Sniper Cannon Fodder.

A telegraphed circular AoE will appear in the middle, which will leave a puddle that will inflict a lethal Bleeding debuff. The initial AoE will also cascade outward as donut AoEs (Wave Repeater) twice, requiring players to dodge into the previously unsafe area. The puddle will disappear at the end of the mechanic.

Six Left/Right Arm Unit adds will spawn in two sets of three, 120 degrees from each other. These will telegraph a large circular AoE (Colossal Blow) in the order they spawned.

To resolve this mechanic, the party will spread to areas between the first set of Arms that spawn, with each no-debuff player stacking with a white debuff player. Players will dodge the first set of Wave Repeater AoEs while spread. Afterwards, they will position directly next to the AoE telegraphs from the first set of Arms. They will then move diagonally into the previously unsafe area to avoid the second Arm AoEs while dodging the second Wave Repeater AoEs. During this dodge, the debuffs will resolve, so players should spread and stack as needed.

Note that if a player with a debuff dies before their debuff expires, it will automatically detonate on another random player, likely resulting in more deaths.

Phase 3: Reconfigured Omega
Hello, World: High raidwide damage that should be mitigated. Also assigns several debuffs to each player:

All players receive Local Code Smell in four sets of timers, pairing random players. Player pairs whose timers will soon expire will be tethered with a semi-transparent red and green tether. When the debuff expires, it will turn into Local Regression. The tether will then become opaque. The tethered players must break the tether by moving close together, which will cause both players to emit a raidwide AoE (Patch) that deals damage and inflicts a stack of Magic Vulnerability Up and a stack of Thrice-come Ruin, each lasting a second. Failing to break the tether in time will cause the players to explode and wipe the raid. Breaking more than one tether at once will also wipe the raid due to excess debuff stacks and damage.

All players receive Remote Code Smell in four sets of timers dependent on the Local timers. Player pairs whose timers will soon expire will be tethered with a semi-transparent blue tether. When the debuff expires, it will turn into Remote Regression. The tether will then become opaque. The tethered players must break the tether by moving apart, which will cause both players to emit a raidwide AoE (Patch) that deals damage and inflicts a stack of Magic Vulnerability Up and a stack of Thrice-come Ruin, each lasting a second. Failing to break the tether in time will cause the players to explode and wipe the raid.

All players receive Latent Synchronization Bug. These debuffs must be cleansed by being hit with the stack AoE from Critical Synchronization Bug. Failing to cleanse it will cause the player to explode and wipe the raid.

Two random players receive Overflow Code Smell. When the 2s debuff expires, it will turn into Critical Overflow Bug (i.e., "defamation"). When this debuff expires, the player will emit a massive AoE that deals damage, inflicts Magic Vulnerability Up, and transfers the debuff to all other players in range of the AoE. The originally debuffed player will also receive Overflow Debugger, preventing them from receiving Critical Overflow Bug again.

Two random players receive Synchronization Code Smell. When the 2s debuff expires, it will turn into Critical Synchronization Bug (i.e., "stack"). When this debuff expires, the player will small AoE that deals damage, inflicts Magic Vulnerability Up, and must be shared with one other person, which will also transfer the debuff to that person. The originally debuffed player will also receive Synchronization Debugger, preventing them from receiving Critical Synchronization Bug again.

Either the two players with Overflow Code Smell or Synchronization Code Smell will both receive Underflow Code Smell. When the 2s debuff expires, it will turn into Critical Underflow Bug (i.e., "red rot"). Players with this debuff will be indicated with a red aura and overhead marker consisting of two cubes. Players with Critical Underflow Bug must soak red puddles that spawn, or they will explode and wipe the raid.

The other two players with Overflow Code Smell or Synchronization Code Smell will both receive Performance Code Smell. When the 2s debuff expires, it will turn into Critical Performance Bug (i.e., "blue rot"). Players with this debuff will be indicated with a blue aura and overhead marker consisting of a diamond. Players with Critical Underflow Bug must soak blue puddles that spawn, or they will explode and wipe the raid.

If players with these debuffs contact another player without it, it will propagate the debuff to the new player. It is possible for a player to have both color-coded debuffs at once, although this is a failure state.

Soaking a color-