<strategy_text>
Achamoth
Psycho Squamae: Targets a random player and starts casting a conal AoE in front of the boss aimed at the player.
Neura Squamae: Spawns ghosts of the players at their current positions that occasionally cast Enthrallment. See the ability below. Players should look at the walls of the arena to avoid AoEs in the center of the arena.
Toxic Squamae: Targets a random player and creates a toxic cloud that tethers to them. If the toxic cloud reaches the player, it explodes, inflicting a stack of Vulnerability Up, dealing damage, and creates a puddle on the ground that inflicts Pollen to players inside of it. If targeted, run around the arena until the cloud dissipates.
Enthrallment: The spawned ghosts from Neura Squamae cast a frontal cone AoE where the players were looking when it was cast.

Winged Lion
Ancient Aero: Targets a random area with a large circular AoE. After the AoE explodes, a wind orb will be left on the battlefield that will slowly grow upwards, increasing the damage it deals before it explodes, dealing massive damage to each player. A player should step in it to make it explode prematurely, dealing moderate damage; after Ancient Libra is cast at least once, this should be assigned to a player with Earth Resistance Down II to minimize damage.
Ancient Stone: Targets 2 players with circular AoEs. Works the same as Ancient Aero; after Ancient Libra is cast at least once, the duty of popping the stone orb should be assigned to a player with Wind Resistance Down II to minimize damage.
Ancient Holy: Winged Lion lifts into the air, becomes untargetable, and casts a circular AoE. An Arcane Sphere spawns on the ground that grows upwards over time before it explodes at the end of the cast, similar to Ancient Aero and Ancient Stone, dealing massive damage to all players. It should be killed immediately. From the second cast onwards, Amdapori Gargoyle adds will spawn; the Sphere is top priority, adds can be ignored until after the Sphere is gone.
Ancient Libra: Deals minor arena-wide AoE damage and randomly gives Wind Resistance Down II or Earth Resistance Down II to each player.

Kuribu
Starts the battle with 2 stacks of Seed of Life, which revives her upon death and grants her a stack of Vulnerability Down, thus marking phase changes. Also starts the battle with a Stun Resistance effect, which lasts the entire battle.
Kuribu's abilities have different effects based on which Stance she's in, noted by the effect "Reverse" or the lack thereof. In the first phase (with 2 stacks of Seed of Life), all effects will be normal. In the second phase (with one stack of Seed of Life and the Reverse effect), all effects will be changed. In the third phase (with no stacks of Seed of Life), she can switch between normal and Reverse at a whim, so make sure to pay attention to her effects.
Glory (all Phases): Frontal Cone AoE aimed at the Tank.
Cure IV (light circle, Phases 1 & 3): Each player that steps into the circle removes a spike and reduces the HP she will recover; all 4 players in the circle will negate healing entirely.
Cure IV (dark circle, Phases 2 & 3 with the Reverse effect): Proximity AoE based at Kuribu's location. Edges of the arena are the safest spots.
Regen (Phases 1 & 3): Applies Rehabilitation buff to Kuribu within the AoE. Move her out of it to reduce healing.
Regen (Phases 2 & 3 with the Reverse effect): Persistent ground AoE, being inside inflicts Bleeding. Stay out to avoid damage.
Cure III (Phase 2): Marks two players with large red ring AoEs; spread out to reduce damage taken.
Decoy (Phase 3) Spawns one of two adds depending on if the Reverse effect is active: a Low Putto with the Reverse effect active, which tethers to a player and inflicts Bleeding, Prey, and Healing Potency Down, or a High Putto with no Reverse effect, which tethers to the boss and heals her. Both take priority over Kuribu.
Reverse: Grants Reverse to the boss, switching the effects of Cure IV and Regen to harm players instead of heal the boss.
</strategy_text>