<cleaned_strategy_text>
Bone Dragon is the 1st boss of the Labyrinth of the Ancients. Players will encounter the Dragon when they take the left path from the entrance. Bone Dragon must be killed 3 times before it is finally defeated.

The arena has platforms similar to previous rooms. Poison will occasionally fill all lower areas of the room so be aware of this. The boss will spawn 3 waves of skeleton adds, which should be killed. Once the bone dragon dies, all skeleton adds will respawn and move towards the dragon. If two skeletons were close to each other when they died, they will move too fast to be killed. Each skeleton that reaches the boss will do 1500 unblockable damage to the raid. This phase will repeat once. The second time the dragon comes back to life, he will spawn floating eyes instead. These should be picked up by tanks but dps should focusing on killing boss instead of adds then the dragon will die for good this time.

Tank the Bone Dragon on the center platform. This allows for an even spread of adds around the room, while minimizing confusion on where to pull the adds as 1 spawns per "path". This will also reduce damage taken by the DPS, as they will spend more time on the raised sections out of the poison.

Kill skeletons before they reach dragon.
Pick the floating eyes, leave them with tank only

The raid will need to divide into their 3 groups based on their party (A, B, C): 1 for each path, which each has a platform. 4 people need to stand on each platform (preferably ranged dps and healers) to allow the other groups to kill Atomos. Atomos does not need to be tanked but will continuously spawn adds that should be killed. The tanks should move these adds within range of the players on the platforms.

4 people stand on each colored platform, which will remove the corresponding color-coded barrier around an Atomos from a different party, making it vulnerable. The other four focus on killing Atomos.

Note that if a sector does not contain enough people to stand on the platform, once the room is sealed, several Iron Giants will spawn and quickly wipe the raid in order for the encounter to reset.

Thanatos is the 3rd boss of the dungeon. Players will encounter the boss when they take the right path from the labyrinth entrance.

Thanatos is a ghostly iron giant that is surrounded by three Magic Pots on the corner of his chamber. The Magic Pots are friendly mobs, and should be healed if they're damaged. If all three die, then you will be unable to harm the boss and will wipe.

Thanatos is "ghostly" and cannot be harmed ordinarily. At the beginning of the fight, one of the Magic Pots will shoot green lines out to several alliance members, giving them an buff called Astral Realignment. The first group to receive the buff is always A. Astral Realignment allows you to deal damage to the boss. A tank with the buff should pick up the boss immediately, and a tank swap should occur whenever a tank picks up Astral Realignment and the one on the boss loses it. Thanatos does have a cleave, so he should be faced away from the group and the pots.

Anyone who doesn't have Astral Realignment should focus on killing the adds that spawn throughout the fight. They will charge the Pots and attack, and occasionally will have a red line connecting them to a pot. Anytime you see this, these adds must be killed immediately. While that red line is active, Thanatos will be pulling the Pot to himself with a giant Holmgang chain -- if he gets it to him, he will kill it pretty fast. Once the adds connected to the Pot die and the Pot is healed, it can escape back to its safe spot.

This fight progresses fairly straightforwardly from here, just repeating the basic mechanics until he dies or all three Pots die.

If you have Astral Realignment, DPS the boss. If you're visible, kill adds. Healers should keep the pots alive.

The party should avoid pulling the boss early (at least until Alliance A has arrived) as this can potentially cause some players in A to miss the buff, prolonging the fight.

Allagan Bomb initially does nothing. Each group takes one of the large sword adds (A left, B north, C right - waymarks may sometimes be used to denote each party's add). Those Vassagos WILL NOT aggro anyone automatically, so each tank should stand in front of each adds to avoid the boss running to the middle. The boss will periodically spawn Allagan Balloon adds that need to be killed (high priority) before they reach the center, or they will explode and cause the Allagan Bomb to enlarge. If the bomb enlarges too much, it will explode and wipe the raid. In addition, a Napalm add may spawn and will have the highest priority to kill. The boss can be damaged once the 3 adds are down.

Kill Priority for adds: Napalm first, Balloon second and Sword third.

Non-tanks should not be directly in front of a Vassago, because they will periodically used untelegraphed frontal cleaves.

King Behemoth is the 3rd boss of the raid. Players will encounter Behemoth when they take the center path from the entrance.

Iron Giant adds will spawn early in the fight. The tanks who are not tanking the boss should pick these up and face them away from other players or meteors that drop later, as they will use untelegraphed frontal cleaves.

The arena contains interact-able towers. Each tower should be covered by one ranged DPS or healer, activating it when it begins to glow. (For a typical Duty Finder run, this mechanic can be ignored).

The only mechanic that is likely to kill unsuspecting players is Ecliptic Meteor. King Behemoth will target a few players with a comet (green mark above head). These players should be outside the boss's hitbox and drop the comet to be used later. Adds will continually spawn and attempt to reach the towers. These need to be killed as soon as possible. In addition, an iron giant will spawn that will try to destroy the comets. The giant needs to be killed before all comets are destroyed or you will wipe. When King Behemoth stands up, it will begin casting Ecliptic Meteor. Each player must stand behind a meteor to block line-of-sight with the boss, of they will instantly die. Rinse and repeat and the fight is done.

Comets that are placed inside the hitbox of the Behemoth will not provide protection from Ecliptic Meteor.

Phlegethon is the final boss of Labyrinth of the Ancients. The boss room is unlocked from defeating the other 3 bosses.

Each group should take a position ahead of time (A on the left, B center, C on the right) before pulling the boss - it is common for A, B, and C waymarks to be placed on the appropriate platforms.

Non-tanks should avoid standing in front of Phlegethon due to its untelegraphed frontal cleave. Aside from this, it will use some clearly telegraphed AoEs to avoid.

Phlegethon has only 1 big move to watch out for: Ancient Flare. At around 40-50% HP, Phlegethon will move to the center and start casting Ancient Flare. Each group needs to immediately move to its assigned platform. Doing this will put up a barrier to block his 'Ancient Flare' attack, which is otherwise a wipe. If there is not enough people on each platform, the barrier will not form, and the raid will wipe. At around 5-15% HP, he will do this again; either run back to the platform to repeat the mechanic or burn him down (do so if he starts the cast with < 6% HP).

During the fight adds will spawn, and should be killed. Iron Hand adds stun a nearby target.

It may be useful for healers to Rescue players who may be lagging behind when running to the platform.
</cleaned_strategy_text>