<cleaned_strategy_text>
Phase 1: 100% - 85%
The off tank starts by body pulling Twintania and all three Scourges of Meracydia. Once the off tank has pulled, the main tank will taunt Twintania, dragging her into position while the off tank focuses on positioning the adds. All three adds will cast Liquid Hell. (An AOE fire attack targeted on a player's position). As this attack's position is decided when the cast starts, it can be easily avoided by moving during the cast time. The main tank will position Twintania to the right of the room (at the bottom of the hill) while the adds are being killed. One healer should focus on the main tank, while the other healer focuses on healing the raid and the off tank. (While helping on the main tank when possible). Twintania's only ability is Death Sentence on this phase. Once all three adds are dead, the DPS and healers form two groups, one on either side behind Twintania. These groups should consist of four players each. Remember that SCH/SMN pets count as players. If you don't have a pet for each group, one tank will join the group on the right soaking Fireballs. The groups should be roughly: 1 Healer , 1 Melee , 1 Ranged , 1 Tank/Pet These groups should not stack up on top of each other, but should make sure to stay near each other. The reasoning for this is so that players can see who the icon for the Fireball or Conflagration is on.

Phase 2: 85% - 55%
Twintania drops the first Neurolink underneath her, and gains two new abilities: Fireball and Conflagration. Fireball (Red Icon) will target one player and deal roughly 12000 damage, split between that person and anyone nearby. Each person hit will give Twintania a stack of the buff Waxing Flesh, which affects the Conflagration and the time they take to explode. We aim to have four stacks of Waxing Flesh with each Fireball, and as we are split into groups of four, no one should need to move. Healers should make sure that players are topped off before and after the Fireball, in case one of the players hit gets targeted by the Conflagration immediately after. Conflagration (Blue Icon) is a skill that traps a player and deals damage per second. (A few hundred per tick). This Conflagration will explode after a certain amount of time, depending on the number of stacks of Waxing Flesh. The time is 15 seconds with four stacks, 20 seconds with three stacks, and so on. The player targeted by the Conflagration needs to move quickly into the middle of the boss' hitbox – directly underneath Twintania – where the Neurolink is situated. Once the Conflagration forms, everyone needs to DPS it immediately, including the Tanks. (Healers can help DPS if everyone is topped off, and if Death Sentence isn't coming soon). During this phase, Twintania will cast a Fireball during every second Conflagration. If this happens, the person with Fireball needs to run into the middle of the Conflagration, which resets the timer on the Conflagration. You can keep running until you get automatically stopped by the debuff called Fetters, which will trap you in place. Every DPS should make sure to save cooldowns for when there's a Conflagration without a Fireball, so that there is enough damage to break it in time. The timing for the abilities (Fireball (Red) / Conflagration (Blue)) should roughly form the following rotation: Red –20s– Blue –5s– Red –25s– Red –5s– Blue –20s– Red –15s– Blue –10s– Red –25s– Red/Blue –25s– Red –10s– Blue –15s– Red – REPEAT (Please note that these timings will differ depending on the group composition, and how much DPS you are pulling). Twintania will continue casting Death Sentence during this phase, and here the two tanks will need to swap positions (using taunt) during the cast of Death Sentence. The off tank should always be second place on the threat table, or he will be targeted by Conflagrations. (This should never happen unless one tank dies, at which point you will have to be ready to move should you be targeted). At roughly 60% Twintania should be moved across towards the other side of the room so that the second Neurolink is dropped away from the first. Fireballs and Conflagrations can still happen here, so if you get targeted by a Fireball while the main tank is repositioning Twintania, stay in your groups until the Fireball has hit, and then move as a group back into position. When Twintania reaches 55%, the third phase will begin.

Phase 3: Divebombs
At 55%, Twintania will drop the second Neurolink and fly into the air. If by any chance the Neurolink is dropped while a Conflagration is up, ignore it and run into position for the Divebombs. (Down in the small gap at the bottom of the hill, behind where Twintania was being tanked). Moving immediately as Twintania flies up is necessary, so that she swoops from the correct position. Players should use sprint in order to help them get into position quickly. After positioning in the safe spot, one player will get targeted by Twintania. (GREEN ICON). At this point, everyone should run out of the original position, up to the top of the slope, and then return to the safe spot once she has flown by. After 3 consecutive Divebombs, Asclepius spawns along with two Hygeia. One DPS (normally a melee DPS) should focus both Hygeia until they are roughly 75% Health, while all other DPS focuses on Asclepius. All ranged DPS and healers should position themselves in the safe spot for Divebombs, with melee DPS returning to that position when the tanks start moving. From the time that the first adds spawn, we have 45 seconds to DPS them, after which time the second set of Divebombs will occur. Just before the second set of Divebombs, the main tank will go to the right side with Asclepius, and the off tank will go to the left side with the two Hygeia, kiting them around in as small an area as possible whilst staying in range of the healers. Once a player gets targeted, move in the same pattern used during the first Divebombs, as long as the player targeted is in the group. If a tank gets targeted, they should be able to survive a single Divebomb, or even dodge it if possible. (Tanks should stay near the middle of the room if targeted by the Divebomb, so that they don't get knocked into the wall). After the last Divebombs, two more Hygeia will spawn, which should be immediately picked up by the off tank and dragged to Asclepuis. A BLM/SMN should start casting Limit Break 3 while both tanks are positioning all the adds together. Any remaining Hygeia after the Limit Break should be quickly killed off, and when they die they will put a debuff called Disseminate on Asclepius that will increase all damage received. After Asclepius has the four stacks of debuff from the adds, everyone should go all out on DPS, including the healers if possible. All cooldowns, along with potions, should be used here. While we are DPSing Asclepius down, the main tank should bring Asclepius near to the first Neurolink, while everyone else moves near to the second Neurolink. Kill Asclepius as fast has you can, because Twintania will fly back down on a timer, signalling the start of the next phase. At this point, everyone should move into the Neurolink they are stood next to. (Main tank in the first Neurolink, and everyone else in the second).

Phase 4: 55% - 30%
Twintania flies down into battle again, and will then use her ultimate ability. If everyone is not in a Neurolink, they will die instantly. Rain of Death and Virus should be used to reduce the damage from her ultimate. When Twintania can be targeted again, you should make her your focus target (SHIFT+F) so that you can more easily keep track of Twisters during this phase. Once the ultimate is finished, the main tank should drag and reposition her at the bottom of the hill near the entrance to the room and everyone else should spread throughout the whole room. (If there are two melee DPS, one should go either side of Twintania, like in the first phase). Twintania now loses the ability to cast Fireballs and Conflagrations, but will instead gain new abilities called Twisters and Dreadknights. Twintania will also continue to cast Death Sentence during this phase. Twister is an ability that targets three random players in the battle, which instantly kills anyone who has not moved away from its location. To move from a Twister, you need to move during its cast time, in either one direction, or round in a circle. Everyone must remain spread and avoid running into each other during Twisters, as you can be knocked back by another player's Twister. After the first Twister, Twintania will summon a Dreadknight in the middle of the room, and proceed to stun one player, that the Dreadknight will then run towards. If the Dreadknight reaches that person, they will instantly be killed by the Dreadknight's ability called Caber Toss. For this reason, everyone should be at the maximum range possible from the middle of the room. Melee DPS should move away from the Dreadknight as it spawns, and only focus it after someone has been targeted. As the Dreadknight approaches the stunned player, it needs to be chain stunned by the off tank, while all DPS focus it until it is dead. Dreadknights can be affected by movement slows, and so a BLM can use Lethargy on it. Twisters will continually spawn during this phase – even while Dreadknights are up – and so you should constantly be aware of your focus target, and always be ready to move. Dreadknights will keep spawning until Twintania reaches 30%, at which point the final phase of the fight begins.

Phase 5: 30% - 0%
When Twintania reaches 30%, she will drop the third and final Neurolink, and loses the ability to use Twisters and Dreadknights, but gains two new abilities. These abilities are called Hatch and Liquid Hell. Once this phase starts, all ranged DPS and healers should stay near the Neurolinks, while the off tank moves into the third Neurolink, standing directly underneath her. Twintania regularly casts Hatch, which spawns an orb directly underneath her, which will then fly towards a targeted player. Anyone caught by Hatch as it is travelling will instantly die if they are not stood in a Neurolink. If you are targeted by Hatch, purple orbs will spin around your character. The off tank is standing in the Neurolink during this phase to absorb every single one of these Hatches, so that players do not need to worry about moving into Neurolinks or avoiding Hatches. Liquid Hell is the same ability from the first phase, however Twintania will cast five of these in a row on the targeted player. If you are targeted by Liquid Hell, you must kite them around the edges of the room, being careful not to run them into the rest of the raid. Once the five Liquid Hells have been dropped, you can move back into your original position, or at least as close as possible. If the main tank is targeted by Liquid Hell, he should take two to the face, and then pop Hallowed Ground, so he can stack all five on the same spot. Once the fifth has been dropped, and while Hallowed Ground is still up, the tank should rotate so that he is not stood in the Liquid Hells. If this happens, the main tank needs to be careful not to move Twintania at all, otherwise Hatches will be able to escape into the raid. If the off tank gets targeted by Liquid Hell, everyone else needs to be extremely careful in dealing with Hatches. If you are targeted, you have to instantly move in away in a path that lets the melees do DPS, and after the 3rd Liquid Hell, you should move back in into the Neurolink popping Stoneskin and Holy Ground on yourself if needed.
</cleaned_strategy_text>