<strategy_text>
Objectives
Arrive at Repurposing: 0/1
Clear Repurposing: 0/1
Arrive at Aetherial Observation: 0/1
Clear Aetherial Observation: 0/1
Arrive at Cornice: 0/1
Defeat the Tycoon: 0/1

Bosses
Alpha Zaghnal
Augurium: Tankbuster. Hits in a cone-shaped area directly in front of the Alpha Zaghnal. This attack targets the ground, so the Tank can dodge it by stepping out of the way.
Beastly Roar: Moderate damage to the group.
Pounce Errant: Large player-targeted circle AoEs on each player. Alpha Zaghnal will jump to each player in sequence, dealing damage to players in the area.
Forlorn Impact: Marks each player with a number one through four, then fires a line attack at each player in sequence, dealing damage to all players in the line.
Charge Eradicated: Stack marker on one player. Afterwards, a large fire puddle will spawn where the attack hit, inflicting Burns to players standing in it. Once the first attack hits, a second stack marker will appear on another player with the same effects.
Beta Zaghnal: The east and west sides of the platform each have four containment units. If one of the Alpha Zaghnal's player-targeted attacks also hits a containment unit, it will shatter and free the Beta Zaghnal held inside. Once freed, a Beta Zaghnal will aggro onto the player who freed it.

Mithridates
Thunder Beam: Tankbuster.
Electric Discharge: Places a number of purple orbs around the area. Those orbs will discharge after a time, dealing area damage around them.
Laserblade: Line area of effect, crosswise with secure spots in-between.
Allagan Thunder: Circle AoE centered on each player.
Eventually, Mithridates will begin using all of its non tankbuster abilities simultaneously. When this happens, Allagan Thunder will only target the Tank and Healer.

Artificial Enigma: The Tycoon
Rail Cannon: Tankbuster.
Magitek Crossray: Four rectangular laser AoEs in the cardinal directions from the boss. After a few seconds, the areas will be released from Temporal Stasis and become line attacks travelling outward. Causes very high damage and inflicts a stack of Vulnerability Up. The Tycoon telegraphs the lasers firing by counting down in a text box.
Note that these lasers spawn on the outside of the Tycoon's hitbox and shoot toward the edge, leaving the spot where it was standing safe.
Defensive Array: Similar to Magitek Crossray, except the AoEs appear from the outside and shoot in toward the center of the platform.
Temporal Stasis: Running into a time-stopped laser will cause a Temporal Paradox, spreading the laser's damage to the entire party while also inflicting Vulnerability Up on the offending player.
Artificial Gravity: Black and red circle AoEs that grow in size after a few seconds before finally going off, dealing high damage.
High-tension Discharger: Moderate damage to the entire party.
Magicrystal: Circle AoEs targeted on each player.
</strategy_text>