<strategy_text>
Objectives
Clear the Oratory of Tatamefu II: 0/1
Clear the Rosarium of Lalafuto I: 0/1
Clear the Adytum of Lalafuto IV: 0/1
Tip the Scales of Judgment: 0/1
Defeat the adjudicator: 0/1

Walkthrough
Optimal pathing for the dungeon is as follows (this skips optional side rooms and requires only opening the minimum number of doors needed to progress to the end):

At the start, hug the right wall to prevent aggroing the first group of enemies.
Continue onward, defeating enemies in the way. Do not need to pick up any objects.
Defeat Teratotaur.
Continue until reaching the first closing door.
The Avoirdupois must be defeated on the glowing tile to open it.
It will respawn if not defeated on the tile.
Ignore the two Avoirdupois in the outside area.
Continue north into the underground area and defeat the enemies or keep pulling.
Defeat the Temple Guardian.
Continue onwards to the outside area.
Defeat the Avoirdupois on the glowing tile.
Go up the stairs and defeat the final Avoirdupois on the glowing tile
Continue until reaching the scales. Interact with the Scales of Judgment to spawn 3 enemies. Defeat them to unlock the final boss chamber.

Scales of Judgment solution
Optional Bonus Rooms
The Vault of Steel (bottom left) - Use the Helm of Might
The Vault of Wealth (bottom right) - Use the Gem of Affluence
The Vault of Aether (top left) - Use the Flame of Magic
The Vault of Secrets (top right)- Use the Fruit of Knowledge

Scales of Judgment
On the Scales of Judgment, the optional puzzle at the end of the dungeon, players should place:
The Flame of Magic (the flame symbol) on the left pan.
The Fruit of Knowledge (the strawberry symbol) on the right pan.
"Tip the Scales of Judgement" will lock in the party's choices. If no or the incorrect objects are placed, three of The Condemned will spawn. After defeating them, the door to the final boss will open. If the correct objects are placed, the door to a side room containing an extra treasure coffer will open, in addition to the final boss room.

As the loot from the extra chests is usually of little value, many parties will skip collecting the items and will ignore the scales puzzle and earlier side rooms.

Visiting all side rooms is required for the Mapping the Realm: Sunken Temple of Qarn achievement. Players who wish to obtain this achievement should either communicate with the party that they would like to open all side rooms, or run the dungeon solo with Unrestricted Party (unsyncing) settings when they are of sufficiently high level.

Bosses
Teratotaur
Instant Death Mechanics
Occasionally he summons a pair of Dung Wespes. The Wespes are like the Temple Bees found throughout the area or Palace Hornets from the Palace of the Dead, and will cast Final Sting if they are not defeated quickly. Final Sting deals damage equal to ninety percent of the target's maximum health (e.g. 100 Max HP = 90 damage). Whilst this is survivable from full health, the Teratotaur may finish off a wounded Tank quite easily - or the Wespes may both target the same character and deal extreme damage to them. Either defeat the wespes before they cast Final Sting or cancel the ability with stuns and interrupts.

When Teratotaur is under 50% HP, he will periodically "begin to growl", and then use Mortal Ray. This room-wide AoE ability places the Doom debuff on your entire party; the debuff lasts 12 seconds and will instantly kill anyone still afflicted by it when the timer ends. Players can remove this debuff by stepping on the square plate that is glowing orange; only one of them will turn orange at a time. It may be preferable to tank the Teratotaur in the middle of the room between all three plates so that they are within easy reach of the Tank and Melee DPS, but the duration is long enough that it should not be a problem.

Other Abilities
Frightful Roar is a circular AoE ability that causes Physical Vulnerability Up on all of the targets hit.
Mow is a frontal cone AoE attack that inflicts poison on targets hit.
Triclip is an instant attack that does heavy damage to its primary target.

Temple Guardian
Throughout the fight, Temple Guardian will spawn Golem Soulstone onto its chest. While the Soulstone is alive, Temple Guardian takes virtually no damage. When the Golem Soulstone is destroyed, the golem is stunned and becomes vulnerable for a period of time before the Soulstone respawns. Players should switch their target to the Soulstone when it spawns. The Guardian will target random players with most of his abilities. To save time, it is recommended to use a DPS (preferably melee) limit break on the Guardian to increase the chances of killing it when it becomes vulnerable the first time, before the Soulstone respawns.

Abilities
Rockslide is a frontal column AoE attack that deals massive amount of damage to targets hit.
True Grit is a frontal cone AoE attack that deals moderate amount of damage to targets hit.
Boulder Clap is a frontal AoE attack that deals massive amount of damage to targets hit.
Obliterate is an instant attack that deals a moderate amount of damage to the entire party.
Stone Skull is an instant attack that deals a moderate amount of damage to a single player and stuns them for a short period of time.

Adjudicator
Throughout the fight, he will spawn various Mythril Verges on the ground.

Mythril Verge
When the Mythril Verge spawns, it will start firing beams of laser across the room. When a pale, blue beam appears across the ground, move out of its way immediately. The beam will light up after about 1 second and heavily damage anyone in its path. Because of the high damage and low health nature of the Mythril Verge, damage dealers should destroy them as soon as they spawn.
Avoid blue beams and destroy verges asap.

After the Adjudicator has taken some damage, he will spawn Verge in a large dark box on the ground. After a few seconds the black box will seal off and the Verge will begin to cast Verge Pulse. Verge Pulse explodes the Verge and does a decent amount of damage to your entire party. While the black box is visible, players who are not in it will do reduced damage. Damage Dealers should enter the black box as soon as it spawns and destroy the verge.
Players should enter the black box as soon as it spawns and destroy the verge.

After taking a significant amount of damage, the Adjudicator will spawn 2 black boxes in the 2 corners of the room. The two damage dealers should split up and enter the two boxes and destroy the verges before they can cast Verge Pulse.

When near death, Adjudicator will summon 4 laser-shooting Mythril Verge at a time. Players should dodge the lasers while taking out as many Verges as they can. DPSing down the boss is also an option.

Sun Juror
In the beginning of the fight, the Adjudicator will spawn cube-shaped mobs named Sun Jurors. When fighting these creatures, players need to ensure that the mobs die on the square platforms on the ground. If you do not kill them on the platforms, they will continuously revive. No more Sun Jurors will spawn once the Mythril Verges start spawning.

Other Abilities
Darkness is a frontal AoE cone attack that will damage and blind the players struck.
Paralyze is a spell he will periodically begin casting that inflicts Paralyze on one of your party members. This can be Interrupted with either Interject or Head Graze or Stunned via Low Blow or Leg Sweep. Healers should use Esuna on an afflicted player to remove the debuff.
Creeping Darkness is an instant ability that deals a moderate amount of damage to all party members.
</strategy_text>