<cleaned_strategy_text>
Arachne Eve
Phase 1
Throughout this phase, the boss casts Dark Spike, a tankbuster, and Silken Spray, a tail swipe which knocks you back and gives you the Heavy debuff. Heavy can be removed with Esuna. Later, it randomly selects three players with orange target markers that places webs at their location. At this phase, it doesn't matter where the webs are located. Next, random players are targeted with green spread markers. Anyone caught in the ring gets tethered with the Seized debuff and other players have to walk into the tether to break you free.
The boss burrows to the ground and a series of ring AoEs appear starting from the center. Right after the last ring AoE, a proximity marker appears, which is where the boss pops up. Sometimes right after, some players are marked with the green spread markers.

Phase 2: Web
In this phase, the boss pulls everyone up to her web. One group must find and kill a small spider, Spitting Spider, to make a hole in the web and drop down to the ground below. Then destroy the pillars called Keyknot, that surround the arena and kill any adds.
NOTE: A random player on the ground level may get targeted and tethered that brings them back up to the upper web level.
Meanwhile, the others on the web must absorb the blue orbs and destroy the purple orbs, Deep Earth Aether, to avoid buffing the boss. Make sure to avoid the yellow webs on the ground. They give you the Digestive Fluid debuff that slows you down and small damage over time. During this phase, the boss continuously casts Implosion, which is an unavoidable room-wide damage.
After all the pillars are destroyed, the boss and everyone on the web will fall to ground level.

Phase 3
This phase is similar to the first phase, but more mechanics are introduced. Stack when the boss casts Shadow Burst. If you are marked, stand within melee distance so people can stack with you. Later, it will cast Fond Affeared, which is a Gaze mechanic. Look away or you get Hysteria.
This time, if you are targeted with the orange marker, you must go to the outer arena to place the webs away from the center. The boss burrows in the ground and casts a room-wide, tornado-like AoE called Widow's Kiss. The AoE sucks everyone to the center and will kill anyone at the center or close to the center where the boss comes back up. Get on a sticky web to avoid getting sucked in.
NOTE: Anyone standing on a web close to the center can also receive high damage or die.
After this, the boss repeats each phase until it's killed.

Forgall
Phase 1
The boss summons adds called, Shriveled Talon. Kill the adds before Necropurge is done casting. After Necropurge is casted, green puddles appear under random players. Avoid the puddle so you don't get the Gradual Zombification debuff. If you get more than one, then you gain Zombification and become a zombie.
Later, the boss casts Punishing Ray that has multiple purple towers throughout the arena. Each tower needs one person standing on it, which gives you Bleed, a minor damage. Sometimes, the boss casts Megiddo Flame, while the towers are still out. If the column AoE is overlapping the tower, wait for the column AoE to pass first before stepping onto the tower puddle.
When Brand of the Fallen is cast, stack with others who have the same marker to avoid damage and the Toad debuff.
Evil Mist gives unavoidable room-wide damage and spawns Poison Mists throughout the arena. Avoid the mists during this phase because they eventually turn into green puddles.

Phase 2: Adds
The boss summons three adds: Summoned Succubus, Summoned Haagenti, Summoned Dahak
Kill the Succubus first and stun the succubus when it casts Beguiling Mist. Beguiling Mist gives you Seduce which mind controls and leads you to death. The Haagenti also casts Mortal Ray. Look away or you get Doom. Healers can use Esuna to remove Doom if anyone doesn't look away.
After the ads are killed, the boss finishes casting Mana Explosion, an unavoidable room-wide damage.

Phase 3
This phase is similar to the first but with some new mechanics, especially Mega Death.
After the boss casts Necropurge, stand on the green puddles to gain the Gradual Zombification debuff. You need this debuff to survive Mega Death. After the boss casts Mega Death, tall black wine cups pop up throughout the arena and anyone without the debuff dies.
Note: Turning into a zombie also avoids death.
The boss can cast Dark Eruption which targets random players that drop fire puddles. Dump these puddles away from everyone while avoiding them. Just like with Punishing Ray, Megiddo Flame can also appear at the same time as Dark Eruption. Make sure to avoid these columns while placing the puddles away from everyone. Later, Healers need to quickly mass heal everyone after Hell Wind is cast. This is a room-wide damage that's unavoidable and depletes everyone's HP to extreme lows.
This time, when the boss casts Evil Mist, stand next to a Poison Mist to get Gradual Zombification. After the boss starts casting Mega Death, and the mists turn into green puddles when they cast Necropurge.
Note: There isn't much time to reach the puddle once it appears because the mist's cast time for Necropurge isn't long. Make sure to stand next to the mists right when they appear so you can get the debuff on time.

Headstone
This is a mini-boss.
Each alliance should split between the three main platforms. When Void Fire spawns on both ends, the parties on both sides must kill the fire quickly before it finishes casting Big Burst. Then kill the add, Parthenope. Each side will get cut off with a wall until all Parthenopes are killed.
When the mini boss starts casting Flaring Epigraph, the red circle on each side and the middle needs to be stepped on to create a shield in the middle platform. Everyone should get in the shield to avoid death.

Ozma
The boss changes into three different forms throughout the fight that use different skills and actions in each form: Sphere form, Pyramid form, Cube form
Note: This area has no walls so make sure you don't fall off to your death!

Phase 1
For the first phase, the boss attacks in sphere form then changes to a pyramid or cube form, then changes back to the sphere form and starts the next phase.
Note: You must pay attention to each form because this boss doesn't provide any AoE markers and cast bars for any of its AoE attacks.

Sphere Form
This is the default form, which is the "safe" form. During this phase, it targets one person from each party with a red-black spread marker. Marked players should go to the left side of the ring by default. These markers place proximity markers where the target players stand, and Singularity Fragments spawn at these marker locations. Make sure the black circles aren't overlapping too much. If Singularity Fragments spawn too close to each other, they explode, hitting everyone with Debris Burst, an unavoidable, room-wide damage, and gives the Damage Down debuff. Debris Burst is also proximity based so any parties close to the explosion receive high damage and even death.
Kill the adds when they spawn and avoid their AoEs when they cast Tornado. In the last phase, the boss targets two players in each party so spread out by going to the left side of the ring and the back of the rectangular platform. If there aren't many players alive, it targets random players across all parties so a party may even end up with four targeted players.
Note: If a targeted player falls off the platform, the marker is placed in the back of the rectangular platform where the players spawn points are located. This could potentially cause Debris Burst, if another targeted player places their marker in the back, which ends up with two markers placed right next to each other.
The boss also randomly targets a player with a stack marker that gives Magic Vulnerability Up.
Note: If you take too long to kill the boss, it can target another player with the stack marker. The alliance can't survive more than one Meteor attack so it's very important to kill the boss quickly.

Pyramid Form
Once the boss changes to pyramid form, immediately go to the ring section to the left and right of the rectangular platform. It shoots a large, line AoE across the rectangular platforms and gives you the Poison and Timer debuff. It can also shrink you for 12 seconds with the Minimum debuff. Healers can use Esuna to remove Poison and Timer but not Minimum.
Afterwards, it randomly hits players with Bleeding that gives Bleed. Bleed splashes to nearby players and can stack, so Healers should heal and remove Bleed with Esuna.
It also casts Acceleration Bomb giving random players the Acceleration debuff. Starting at three, a dice marker is placed on top of the player and counts down. Sheathe your weapon immediately and stop moving before the countdown ends. Movement and using any skills including auto-attack by the time the countdown ends can cause high damage and even death. Sheathing your weapon should stop all attacks and skills.
Note: The default key is Z to sheathe your weapon.

Cube Form
Once the boss changes to cube form, immediately stand right next to the boss on the rectangular platform (inside of the ring). It casts a large, donut AoE on the ring platform. Anyone caught in the AoE gets a Vulnerability Up stack.
Right after its AoE attack, tanks must separate from the party as the boss targets and shoots lasers at the tanks. The lasers cleave anyone caught in its path. Meanwhile, tanks should soak the orbs called Ozmasphere that float around the ring and everyone else should be in the back or front of the rectangular platform. When soaked, Ozmaspheres explode with high damage to you and anyone nearby so Healers should pay attention to both tanks and anyone absorbing the orbs. If you leave the Ozmaspheres alone, they randomly attack you.
The boss also casts Holy, which deals a moderate amount of damage and knocks players back a bit. Make sure to stand close to the boss on the rectangular platform to not fall off.

Phase 2: Ozmashade
The boss casts Black Hole and swallows everyone inside it. This phase is a DPS check, so everyone must destroy Ozmashade to create a portal before the Doomsday timer is finished, which wipes the raid. There are two parts to this phase.
Each party is separated into three platforms with a Singularity Echo. At least one player must stand on the circle and the party must kill the Echo quickly and any spawned adds. After the Echos and the adds are killed, jump down to fight Ozmashade.
Note: If players aren't standing on the circle, the other parties can't kill their Echo. It's the same strategy used in The Labyrinth of the Ancients when attacking Atomos.
Jump down and quickly destroy Ozmashade. When Ozmashade casts Assimilation, look away. If you didn't and got the Assimilation debuff, turn your character away from the boss until the debuff is gone or you get trapped in a Singularity Goal. Other players have to destroy the goal to free you. Ozmashade also marks random players with red spread markers. Run to a corner away from everyone to place the proximity marker. After destroying Ozmashade, go to the center where the portal takes you back to the main platform. If you don't destroy Ozmashade before the Doomsday timer runs out, it casts Doomsday and wipes the raid.

Phase 3
This phase is the same as Phase 1, but more mechanics are introduced and the boss cycles through all forms.

Calofisteri
Phase 1
Haircut sweeps the left or right side of the boss and is visually indicated when either side of her hair turns into a stinger blade. ("Calofisteri's hair begins to take on another shape..."). When struck this applies a Flesh Wound that can be cleansed.
Avoid the Extension telegraphs which will still pull you in when standing near them. If the Entanglement tentacles spawning from extension are not killed in time, the players trapped inside will die (Garrote).

Phase 2: Bijous and Living Locks
This phase is signaled with "Calofisteri is drawing power from her jewel".
She summons Bijous and Grand Bijous. Focus the smaller Bijous down first as they finish their Energize cast sooner, and then the Grand Bijous. Every Energize cast powers up her next raidwide AoE (Dancing Mad).
Random players will also be targeted with a chasing AoE marker and should run along the edge of the arena to avoid damaging other players.
When the axe and bulb flowers spawn (untargetable Living Locks), look for the axe flower and stay near them to avoid their donut AoE. The bulb flowers will knockup any nearby players into the air (Evil Tress).
Penetration will pull you towards the center into three bulb flowers if you're looking at the boss, and will push you away if you're not. ("Calofisteri's hair begins to take root!"). Try to position yourself to be pushed towards the empty spots of the arena to avoid these.
Depth Charge will make the boss charge towards the wall, followed by a Haircut. Make sure to watch where her blade is to avoid it. Tanks might want to reposition her back in the middle of the platform.
Two blade shaped flowers will spawn that shoot a red beam from the sides of the platform across the center.

Notes
Her auto attack move Bloodied Nail is a frontal cleave so avoid turning the boss directly infront of the raid. While either side of her hair turns into a blade, the auto attack Split End will cleave the side of her blade.
Try to keep the boss around the middle of the arena, as it will often pick a side and do a huge AOE with Haircut. Tanks can also anticipate this and direct the AoE away from the raid by turning the boss. Avoid tanking her on the edge, as you might have just a tiny safe spot and will most likely result in a wipe.
</cleaned_strategy_text>