<strategy_text>

Duty Support
Objectives: Defeat Ser Adelphel. Defeat Ser Grinnaux. Defeat Ser Charibert.

Bosses:

Ser Adelphel Brightblade:
When he casts Holy Shield Bash, he will target one player, jump to them, and perform a stun and hit combination.
When he casts Holiest of Holy, he will deal moderate damage to every player in the room.
At intervals, Adelphel will charge around the room, dealing damage and leaving behind orbs of light. These will deal damage to players upon exploding. When he is done charging, he will target one player and come crashing back down to them.

Ser Grinnaux The Bull:
Grinnaux has multiple ground pattern AOEs to watch out for.
At regular intervals, Grinnaux will put down a Hyperdimensional Slash attack that lays out a red AOE before him in the direction of a random player. When this goes off, it will deal damage to anyone in its wake and leave an Aetherial Tear where it hits the wall of the room. This attack is always repeated twice in a row. Best strategy is to bait the Tears to the same general part of the wall so they aren't spread around; they will tether to and damage any player that gets too close to them.
After using his Slash attack to put out two Aetherial Tears, Grinnaux will use Faith Unmoving, a room-wide attack with a cast bar. This attack will push all players directly backward from Grinnaux. Make sure your back isn't to one of the Aetherial Tears; this is why it's beneficial to keep them all close together, so you have a safe place to get pushed back to. (Alternatively, you can use Arm's Length or Surecast to nullify the knockback.)
Grinnaux will also put out a Dimensional Rift circle AOE that will damage players.

Ser Charibert:
Charibert will do room-wide damage with Altar Pyre.
Charibert will use a Holy Chain to chain two players together. Simply run away from each other to break this chain; otherwise you will take recurring damage.
Charibert will cast Heavensflame and put out flame rings on the ground.
At regular intervals, he'll summon a broken row of "knights." Like the mummies in The Sunken Temple of Qarn (Hard), these will march across the room from wherever they spawn (they always spawn on the same side, though). Avoid being run over by these knights, as they will put Slow on you.
At half health, Charibert will disappear for a moment. When he reappears, he will have a Dawn Knight and Dusk Knight with him, and summon several Holy Flames around the outside of the room. The Knights can safely be ignored; just make sure not to stand in their AOE attacks. Kill the Holy Flames quickly. After a short while, Charibert will cast a room-wide attack which deals more damage if any Holy Flames are left. After that, the normal rotation resumes, but now there will be two rows of knights and two sets of flame rings from Heavensflame.

</strategy_text>