<cleaned_strategy_text>
Adds:
Renaud- A golem add. Periodically will spawn in pairs on opposite sides of the arena. Will tether to the first player to interact with it, ignoring enmity for all targets except for them. Will deal lethal damage with their auto-attacks. If their tethered player dies, they will randomly tether to another player. If left alive for long enough, will gain the Sprint status effect and become extremely fast. No more than 4 can be alive at any time.

Lamia Deathdancer- The first Lamia add, spawning during phase 2. Uses the same basic attacks as Melusine, but hits significantly harder. Three will spawn in total, first South, then North-East, then North-West. The first one will be spawned alongside a Petrification and will need to be provoked immediately to avoid it gaining a Damage Up.

Lamia Fatedealer- The second Lamia add, spawning during phase 3. All adds will target the same random player with a small AoE attack, indicated by a green sprite marker. Four will spawn, one at each cardinal position.

Lamia Prosector- The third and final Lamia add, spawning during phase 4. Deals heavy magic damage, and can use Petrification as well as Terror Sphere, which will inflict one random player with the Hysteria status effect for 15s, causing them to run around randomly. If left alive for long enough, will be absorbed by Melusine, healing her for it's current HP.

Melusine
General Mechanics:
Circle Blade- A small AoE.
Tail Slap- An untelegraphed cleave.
Circle of Flames- Two untelegraphed AoEs aimed at players. Will prioritise ranged and casters as targets and will not target the same player twice in a row.

Petrification Mechanics:
Cursed Voice- Inflicts targets with the Cursed Voice status effect, lasting from 6-9s at random. When this status expires, a cone will extend out in the direction the target is facing, petrifying anything in range. Players will be inflicted with the Stone Curse status effect for 60s if petrified, preventing them from moving and causing any damage they take to be lethal.
Renaud adds will be inflicted with both Stone Curse for 60s and the permanent Petrification Immunity status if petrified.
Melusine and the Lamia adds will be given a permanent Damage Up buff if petrified.

Cursed Shriek- This is casted after every two Cursed Voice. Inflicts target with the Cursed Shriek status effect, lasting 10s. When this status expires, everything within the targets line of sight will be petrified. This can be blocked by hiding behind a Renaud with the Stone Curse status effect.

Petrifaction- A gaze attack that petrifies everything looking at Melusine

Phase 1: 100% - 80%
Adds: Renaud
Petrification Mechanics: Cursed Voice (Targeting one tank, one healer and one DPS)

Phase 2: 80% - 65% 
Adds: Renaud, Lamia Deathdancer
Petrification Mechanics: Cursed Voice, Cursed Shriek (Targeting one healer or DPS), Petrifaction

Phase 3: 65% - 50%
Adds: Renaud, Lamia Fatedealer 
Petrification Mechanics: Cursed Voice (Begins targetting both healers instead of just one), Cursed Shriek, Petrifaction
Venomous Tail- Two players will be inflicted with the Allagan Venom status effect, which will deal raidwide damage over time. Needs to be cured with Esuna immediately.
Poison Floor- Periodically, part of the floor will turn purple, dealing damage over time to anyone standing on it. After 15s it will explode, instantly killing anyone standing on top of it at the time.

Phase 4: 50% - 0%
Adds: Renaud, Lamia Prosector
Petrification Mechanics: Cursed Voice, Cursed Shriek (If "Lamia Prosector" is dead, additionally targets main tank), Petrifaction
Venomous Tail- If Lamia Prosector is dead, will target four players instead of two.
Poison Floor

Strategy:
Before anything, it is extremely important to remember this rotation - Cursed Voice, Cursed Voice, Shriek.

The general rule for renauds is those that spawn after the 2nd voice will be used for shriek. The one that spawns closest to the healers need to be stoned ASAP. The other one can be kited while avoiding shriek. Renauds that spawn after the first voice expires should be stoned. Destroy one and wait for the renauds that spawn after the second voice before destroying the other. Renauds that spawn before or during the first voice are to be stoned and destroyed.

Phase 1: Watch out for petrifaction at the start, have your summoner kite the 2 renauds that spawn to the south side where healers can stone them. The first set of renauds are killed. When it's close to 80%, wait for a voice (presumably the first voice in the rotation) before phasing it. This ensures that renauds will spawn along with a second voice to stone them for the shriek. Adds need to be killed ASAP as they hit extremely hard.

Phase 2: Before 65%, wait for a shriek to occur to reset the cycle, so that you have the entire rotation of 2 x Cursed Voice to kill at least 2 fatedealers. Venomous tails need to be removed ASAP.

Phase 3: Kill fatedealers, right before 50%, wait for the first shriek to reset the cycle before phasing melusine.

Phase 4: Prosector is up, watch for double petrifaction. DPS it but wait for a shriek before killing it. This resets the cycle so you don't get a fast double shriek. When double shriek occurs, assign another kiter to drag the other renaud in a such a way that both renauds are positioned opposite each other. In this phase, with regards to the voice-renaud-shriek cycle, the frequency of the voices is increased. Any renauds that spawn are to kited and stoned for double shrieks. When dragged into position, these renauds should be stoned in a way that they do not face the middle. Petrifaction from the boss can put a wrench in the cycle so play it by ear. If you see renauds that spawn before the first voice occurs, they can be dragged into position to avoid them facing the middle when they get the second voice debuff.

If they spawn after the first voice and before it expires, do the same thing. If they spawn after the first voice expires, chances are they'll be petrified where they spawn. In this instance, it becomes a matter of rng, as you'll need to pray that the circular puddles spawn before the shrieks. If the renauds are in a good position (opposite each other), it's fine. If they're not, you'll need to sacrifice one of the shrieked people in the puddle, and adapt to the position of the other shriek. During double shrieks, do a tank swap.

To simplify:
Renauds that spawn before first voice/during the first voice = Position and stone them with first voice. They'll get the second voice debuff. Don't stand in front of them. Shrieked members wait for the voice on the renauds to go off before moving to the renauds

Renauds that spawn after the first voice and before a petrifaction = If badly positioned, kill one, sacrifice one shriek in the puddle. Watch for renaud with second voice debuff.

Renauds that spawn after the first voice and the petrifaction that follows = Position them and stone them with second voice, perform double shriek maneuver.

Venomous tails are to be removed. Assign an order among your white mages and scholars.

There is an enrage timer of 11 mins.
</cleaned_strategy_text>