<strategy_text>

Phase 1: Living Liquid
Strategy:
To start, pull the boss to the middle and face to the north. The boss will use Fluid Swing and follow with Cascade, spawning the three Liquid Rages Note where these spawn and mitigate the attacks with cooldowns. It is recommended that players top up HP here. The boss will then split its HP and summon the Liquid Hand here. Keeping the boss close to the Hand is a good idea so they can both be AoE'd and damage can be managed easier on both. Keeping them close together will bait Hand of Parting later.

Have the off tank pick up the Hand and separate them once the Hand of attack comes out. Players will need to then position for the Protean Waves. The ranged and healers should bait these so they fire out of the arena. Following this, the Jagd Dolls will spawn. They will spawn in relation to where the Liquid Rages are, so the DPS players who are picking up the Dolls should be sure which one they are picking up. The boss will use Hand of Pain here, so be sure to have the boss and the Hand at roughly the same HP, with no more than a 4% variance. At this time, the Rages will spawn Embolus, which will start to move towards where the Hand and the boss were at the time of spawning. The tanks need to move the boss and the Hand away to make sure they don't touch the orbs. Just before that, the boss and the Hand will use Fluid Strike/Swing, which need to be mitigated. After this the tanks can move the boss and the Hand.

Players can then feed their Jagd Dolls to either the boss or the Hand once their HP is at 25% or lower. Generally, players should figure out an order to feed their Dolls so they don't feed too many at one time and wipe the raid with the resulting Reducible Complexity. It is recommended that the melee players feed their Dolls first so the healers can come in and top players off before the next group of Dolls are fed to the bosses.

Players should face the boss north. This sets players up for the next set of Protean Waves, as well as the following Drainage. The first set of Waves will be visible and telegraphed, but the following sets will not be telegraphed. To begin, everyone can bait the first four Waves together, then the ranged players move out to the edge of the inner circle to bait Sluice while the melee players move in close to bait the next set of Waves. The ranged players will then move in to the boss's hitbox to be the closest players to the boss to bait the second set of Waves, while melee players will move to max range to maximize uptime on the boss. 

While taking these waves, do not stand in front of the boss as it fires a Protean Wave in front of it that can't be baited. The boss will then use Splash and Drainage, so tanks should be ready to grab tethers while the rest of the party moves away from them to avoid the AoE from the attack. Tanks should be sure to mitigate this attack and healers should be ready to top everyone's HP off. The boss will follow up with another Cascade, dealing more heavy damage to the raid, so mitigate this as well.

Keeping the boss faced to the north, The Liquid Rages will use Throttle, so healers need to be ready to Esuna these away before the debuff finishes its duration. Then, another set of Protean Waves to bait. This time coming from all Rages, the Hand, and the boss itself.

To handle this mechanic, Players will first stack behind the boss while the main tank stays in front of the boss to bait the first waves. DPS players should then move to the edges of the Rages to bait Sluice, while the ranged players should bait the Protean Waves from the Liquid Rages to fire off the edge of the arena, while the remaining players bait the Waves from the boss and the Hand to fire between the intercardinals. The DPS will then move in to the rear of the boss's hitbox to bait a third set of Waves while the tanks and a healer will bait the Rages Protean Waves.

The boss will then use Hand of Prayer/Parting. Following this strategy, the tanks will be separate from each other, so this will result in the Hand forming an open palm. The tanks will have to drag the boss and the Hand back together to resolve the mechanic. The Rages will also use Embolus, so this should help avoid this mechanic as well. Another Hand of Pain here, so make sure the boss and the Hand are within 4% of HP to one another. Finally, the boss will use Splash again and prepare to use a final Cascade as its enrage, which will wipe the party if the boss is not defeated in time.

Note: In practice, most parties will skip the final set of Splashes. Everyone should focus on the boss during the last set of Protean Waves and kill it before it uses the final Hand of Pain, which serves as the "de facto" enrage.

Intermission: Limit Cut
Immediately after Limit Cut, the bosses will spawn and use J Kick. This needs to be heavily mitigated and healed through, as the attack deals heavy damage. Once the bosses spawn, pull them together in the center of the arena and stack up to bait the Chakrams that spawn on the edges of the arena. Spread out to avoid the attack, wait to bait Optical Sight, then back in once the AoEs appear. Players can not be overlapped with other players as the boss will then cast Judgment Nisi, and this will cause debuffs to pass incorrectly, wiping the raid. The boss will cast Link-Up soon after this.

At this point, the tanks should split the bosses, one pulling Cruise Chaser and the other taking Brute Justice. It is recommended the bosses are kept closer to each other in order to manage their HP and damage, since they need to be defeated at roughly the same time. If one is defeated too quickly and the other can't be downed in time, the surviving boss will enrage and wipe the raid.

There should be four passes of Nisi during this phase before Gavel. Tanks and healers should have designated partners to pass their debuff to until Verdict is cast and players need specific debuffs. To minimize errors in passing debuffs, non-marked players should move to their partners and pass through their hitbox to take the debuff. This keeps players from accidentally passing the debuff to the wrong player.

The boss will cast Photon at this time. Due to the DoT from Nisi, healers need to cast their shields to prevent deaths. Players will pass their debuffs at this point, then the boss will fire a Spin Crusher at the same time as the debuffs from Link-Up resolve. Players with these debuffs should move to the designated areas to pass their debuffs. A recommended strategy is to pass the Lightning debuff to the tank holding Brute Justice, while the rest of the players move to stand near the Water-debuffed player without touching.

Healers should bait the Earth Missile and mines near the edge of the arena away from the boss, then have the tank targeted by the ice-aspected Earth Missile drop it near the water tornado while the other tank handles the mines with cooldowns. The healers should then move to the DPS marked with Enumeration, then either the tanks or the two remaining DPS should move into the circles. Once all this resolves, players should pass their Nisi debuffs with their partner. The next pass of the Compressed debuffs should happen, generally the first player to receive the Water stack should take the next Lightning stack, as they can't split the Water AoE. The tank holding Cruise Chaser should pull the boss to an edge and face the boss towards the center of the stage for its next attack.

Brute Justice will then cast Verdict, assigning debuffs to players.

As this is happening, Cruise Chaser will cast Limit Cut, becoming invincible and summoning a Plasma Shield, which can only be hit from the front. Burn the shield down quickly. While doing this, Brute Justice will cast Flarethrower, which the tank holding this boss will need to direct towards the second spawned water tornado to destroy it. The tank should position themselves into the boss's hitbox to be the 'closest' player to the boss. Immediately after Flarethrower, players should pass their debuffs. The players without Nisi will pickup the debuffs that match their Verdict requirement. The boss will follow this up with Whirlwind, requiring players to mitigate and heal through. Healers should be sure to top off everyone's HP, as the next passing of Compressed debuffs will happen right after this.

After passing the Compressed debuffs, players should move to where the ice block is, while the Cruise Chaser tank moves the boss to the intercardinal of the block. The boss will cast Propeller Wind, and the players need to break the Line of Sight of this attack. Players will also need to swap their debuffs to the correct players one final time before Gavel. A common way to handle this mechanic is to line up behind the ice block based on their color. Generally, people line up in order of Blue, Purple, Orange, Green. Following Gavel, all debuffs will disappear.

The boss will follow up with another Photon that hits only the tanks and needs to be mitigated and healed through, as following that, Brute Justice will use Double Rocket Punch, which both tanks will need to mitigate. After this, the boss will use Super Jump, leaping to the farthest player from it. This player should be a ranged DPS who should begin moving as Double Rocket Punch comes out. After leaping, the boss will cast Apocalyptic Ray, which needs to be dodged, as it will kill whatever it touches.

Cruise Chaser will cast Whirlwind twice, dealing heavy raid-wide damage, so mitigation is key. At this point the bosses both long-cast their enrages. The bosses both need to be defeated before the cast goes off, and roughly at the same time as each other.

Phase 3: Alexander Prime
The main tank should grab the boss and face it north, using an invulnerability skill to handle Chastening Heat, then the rest of the party should stack in the center and prepare shields for when the boss casts Inception.

Alexander will spawn in either the north or the south of the arena, and Brute Justice will spawn to the west, then both will start running through mechanics. There is time to adjust to where Alexander spawns for these attacks.

Players should stand in the center of the arena. The Plasmaspheres will spawn around the arena and begin tethering to players. The orbs will spawn in random groups, either two in the northwest and southeast, or two in the northeast and southwest. Players that get a tether should move to the north edge of the arena. The untethered players should move to the opposite side of the arena. Players will then be marked for the Judgment Crystals. Once the puddles and crystals are dropped, all the players should move north except the tanks. Healers should make sure everyone is topped off, then Brute Justice will use Flarethrower. After Flarethrowers resolve, players should use the True Heart to build DPS resources for the coming phases.

Alexander will then cast the various debuffs on players. Watch the True Heart to see where Alexander will spawn and move out of the way of the Sacrament that is fired. Based on debuffs, players will need to split up across the arena, with the tanks and the player with Shared Sentence on the west side and the rest of the party to the east. Players with the Restraining Order debuff should run to the edges of the arena to guarantee the debuffs requirement is met.

Cruise Chaser will then spawn in the center of the arena and begin casting Alpha Sword, hitting the players closest to it. This attack, as well as the debuffs, will inflict players with Magic Vulnerability Up. Since tanks are in the Shared Sentence debuff as well, they can not be the ones to handle Alpha Sword. Both healers and one of the Restraining Order DPS will have to bait these. Since they are baiting the Alpha Swords, tanks can handle Super Jump. Tanks can move away from Brute Force while the other players move in to Cruise Chaser and bait the attack.

Phase 4: Perfect Alexander
The main tank should grab enmity on the boss again. The boss will auto-attack a few times, then cast Final Word. To handle this mechanic, the player with Contact Regulation should move to the opposite side of the arena away from the group, the players with Contact Prohibition should stand in a row in front of players with Escape Prohibition, while the player with Escape Detection should stand behind them.

Ordained Motion/Stillness will fire, and players will have to handle accordingly. The debuffs will take effect, and players should be move correctly without any deaths. Immediately after this, the opposite Ordained attack will come out.

Optical Sight is next, and players should be ready to mitigate this damage and move according to whichever markers come out.

Fate Calibration α will begin casting, and players will need to watch their clones to know what mechanics are coming and how to handle them once the cast resolves and move to safe spots in front of and across from the Alexander Clone that didn't fire a Sacrament. The player marked with Defamation will stand in the safe zone in front of the clone. In the other safe zone, the Aggravated Assault player will stand on one side of the safe zone, the Shared Sentence and non-debuffed player will stack on the other side of the safe zone.

The boss will become untargetable, and players can begin following the mechanics presented previously. Be sure not to accidentally clip players with mechanics in your safe zone. Be sure not to move until the clones all fire their Sacrament.

Following this sequence, the boss will begin using Ordained Capital Punishment and Ordained Punishment. Handle the first attack with an invincibility, then tankswap after all three hits of Ordained Capital Punishment have fired. Use cooldowns to mitigate the second attack.

The boss will then begin the cast bar for Fate Calibration β. Players will need to watch to see which debuffs they will be assigned. Players should also be on the lookout for the safe zone for the Radiant Sacrament and where to move for Optical Sight. At around 30% the debuffs for Final Word will show on the clones. Players will stand on the west edge or the north edge at the cardinals based on their debuffs and the tethers for the additional debuffs:

The player with the purple debuff will stand behind every other player.
The player with the orange debuff will stand at the north cardinal of the arena.
Players with the yellow debuff will stand in front of the purple debuffed players, closer to the north to move in that direction at the debuffs resolution.
The blue debuff players with House Arrest; will stack with the yellow players.
The blue debuff players with Restraining Order will stand in front of the purple debuffed player, closer to the south to get moved to the north.
The blue debuff player with no extra debuffs will stand directly in front of the purple player to end up moving straight to the east.

Players will move into the safe zones and stay there until Shared Sentence and Super Jump both resolve.

Players will then handle Optical Sight stacking or spreading accordingly. After this, players will move to the safe zone for Radiant Sacrament. The boss will follow up with another series of tankbusters, then move into Almighty Judgment and Irresistible Grace.

Pull the boss to the center of the arena. The boss cast Almighty Judgment and will show three sets of AoEs here that players need to memorize. Players will need to dodge each set of AoEs correctly, as getting hit by one will almost certainly cause a wipe. Following these AoEs, the boss will cast Irresistible Grace. The party will have to stack and heavily mitigate the attack.

After this, the tank can turn the boss to the north and the party should move behind the boss. The boss will use another Capital Punishment set which need to be mitigated and tankswapped. Healers should fill the tanks health after this. Another set of Almighty Judgment and Irresistible Grace to be handled the exact same way as before, then the boss will move to the center of the arena and begin to cast its enrage, Temporal Prison.

A space will light up and cages will begin dropping onto the platform to the northeast of the boss and continue doing so at the cardinals and intercardinals moving clockwise. Players should move to these positions with the healers taking the first two cages, the tanks taking the next two, and finally the DPS. Anyone with damage-over-time (DoT) abilities should refresh their DoTs on the boss before they are caged, as they will be incapacitated with Temporal Displacement and unable to attack. A few seconds after all players are caged, the fight will reset to the beginning, so the party must defeat the boss before this happens. Missing a