<strategy_text>
Frumious Koheel Ja
Burn boss and kill spears ASAP. Frumious Koheel Ja casts Fire Angon by throwing burning spears at the ground which cast a stacking debuff to the whole party if they are left alive.

Slithy Zolool Ja
A shaman boss, who summons totems. If after a while no-one has claimed the totems, he will recall all of them and gain the buffs himself. Some of the totems grant buffs while some should be ignored. He will randomly hex a target and turns them into a toad for 12 seconds. He will also randomly cast Fire to the party members and while the damage is not too big, the totems can increase the damage.

Standing in a totem gives you a buff or debuff. Clean as many of the flags as possible and don't stack fire resist down.

There will be Purple, Red, Blue and Green Totems. The effects of the various colors are random. One will give you attack up (DPS should pick it up), another will give you the toad debuff or cleanse the toad debuff (only pick it up if you are a toad), another will give you fire resist down and final one will give the player Heavy debuff.

Because the Totem effects are random, use the first couple Totems to figure out which color has which effect. Do not allow any one player to have too many stacks of the fire debuff or the player will die when the boss casts a random fire spell on them.

Manxome Molaa Ja Ja
Stay very close to him to avoid a huge cone AoE. Move away for rotting gas. Person with rotting lung has to stay away from the party when Rotting Gas pops. The person with the lungs will also AoE around them.

The boss drops multiple banners on the ground during the fight. The banners' buff the boss' damage and armor, so the tank should just pull the boss away from the banner-range. Tank needs to keep moving the boss so the party doesn't have to fight in the banner AoE.

Do not allow the boss to stand in purple circle of Sacred Standard, by kiting him around the outer edge of the boss room.

He will cast debuffs that makes healing worse and Soul Douse, which applies Doom on random party members looking at him. Healers can remove doom by healing the target to full hp.

When Sacred Idol spawns (the Idol with a tether to the boss), kill it ASAP!
</strategy_text>