<strategy_text>

Before the boss is pulled, assign 3 DPS to receive 2 stacks of Thermal Low later in the fight.
The main tank should pull the boss close to the northern edge of the arena and faced away from the party. The boss will then cast Slipstream, and a healer will be marked for Mistral Song and should move away from the party and towards the main tank. The main tank should then move in between the healer and Garuda. After the attack, the boss will perform another Slipstream, then a Downburst on the main tank, and spawn 4 Satin Plumes and 1 Spiny Plume. The Satin Plumes will tether to 1 DPS each, and the Spiny Plume will tether to whoever attacks it first. If the plumes are left alone, they will inflict Sleep on all players, so they should be AoE burned down quickly. A tank should grab the Spiny Plume, as it hits with Cyclone, dealing heavy magic-based damage, and also debuffs with a stacking Thermal Low. The boss will also cast Feather Rain here, which players will need to avoid., then follow up with a Mistral Shriek.
Thermal Low is a debuff that deals raid-wide damage when the debuff is removed. If a player receives three stacks, the party will be wiped when the debuff is removed. The debuff can be removed either by stepping into the bubble left behind by the Spiny Plume's attack Gigastorm when it is defeated, or by a tether from the boss called Mesohigh. This debuff persists through death.
The tank should be sure to take no more than 2 hits of Cyclone. When they debuff 2 stacks, the boss will receive a stack of Aetherically Charged.
The boss will then cast Friction twice in a row on two random players which will deal splash damage and inflict Thermal Low. To handle this part of the phase correctly, it is recommended that the tank holding the Spiny Plume only take two stacks, then defeat the ad. After the boss casts Mistral Shriek, the healers should top everyone off, then the tank can cleanse their debuffs in the large bubble left behind by the ad. Garuda will receive 1 stack of Aetherically Charged. Once the boss casts the first Friction, have all players stack inside the bubble, except for the three pre-assigned DPS, which will stand outside. This will give those DPS their first stack of Thermal Low. For the second cast, all players should move outside the bubble, giving all players at least 1 stack, while the pre-assigned DPS will have 2. After this, two of the DPS with 2 stacks should cleanse their debuff in the bubble one at a time, giving healers the time to top everyone off between each cleanse. After this, the boss will have 3 stacks of Aetherically Charged, 5 players will have 1 stack, and 1 player will have 2 stacks.

After this, the boss will cast Eye of the Storm, then summon Chirada and Suparna. These ads will have the same skills as the boss. Immediately after summoning the ads, they will cast another Feather Rain and mark a DPS and healer with Mistral Song and jump to two of the four cardinals. While this is happening, the boss will cast Wicked Wheel. Pull the boss to the edge of the arena so players can simply avoid the attack. The tanks will then move in front of the ads at the edge of the arena and intercept the Mistral Songs while the rest of the players stack in the center. Tornadoes will appear under the tanks where the attacks hit.
Once the tornadoes drop, pull the boss back to the center of the room, as she will follow up with another Eye of the Storm, and summon 4 more Satin Plumes. Pull them together and burn them down quickly. The ads outside the arena will move to the east and west and tether to players with Mesohigh. Have the player with 2 stacks of Thermal Low and one other player with a stack intercept the tethers. The main tank should turn the boss away, as it is about to cast Downburst. After Mesohigh resolves, the boss will receive its final stack of Aetherically Charged and receive the buff Awakened.

The ads will cast another Feather Rain, and Garuda will cast Slipstream, then follow up with Wicked Wheel and Wicked Tornado. To handle this, players need to move out of melee range, then back into the boss's hitbox. The boss will use Downburst which now needs to be split between at least two tanks. Another Slipstream will come out, then the boss will enrage, and cast Aerial Blast, wiping the party.

Once Garuda is defeated, Ifrit will appear at a random cardinal and begin casting Crimson Cyclone and cover the arena in Radiant Plumes. The only safe areas will be the cardinals adjacent to the boss. Players should move to these safe areas immediately when the boss spawns. After this resolves, the boss will return to the center of the arena and cast Hellfire and Vulcan Burst. Healers will need to shield this to make sure no one is knocked into the wall. From here, the boss will need to be picked up by the main tank, as it doesn't share enmity with the previous boss.

Ifrit will cast Incinerate three times. The main tank can either take all three with an invulnerability skill, or tanks can swap for each attack. The boss will then summon four Infernal Nails. The nails will always spawn in a random location; however they will spawn in similar groupings: two nails will spawn close to each other, and two will spawn far away from one another. When the nails are destroyed, they deal raid-wide damage and debuff with Vulnerability Up. This debuff only lasts 1 second, but stacks. This prevents multiple nails being destroyed at the same time.
The boss will target a healer at this time with Infernal Howl. The targeted healer should move to the edge of the arena and drop this attack. The boss will then cast Infernal Tethers, chaining players together. Finally, the boss will begin casting Eruption. Players need to make sure each nail is hit by Eruption twice, as this will cause the nails to receive Vulnerability Down and Damage Up buffs, but when they are destroyed, they will give the boss a stack of Aetherically Charged, buffing the boss with Awakening. The order the nails are destroyed in will determine where the boss will fire Crimson Cyclone from.

After all the nails are defeated, the boss will move to the center of the arena and use another Hellfire, then Infernal Howl on a healer, followed by Eruption. Since the boss will have the Awakened buff, the Searing Wind debuff will last 30 seconds. After Eruption, Ifrit Clones will spawn at the edges of the arena at the cardinals and use Crimson Cyclone. These mechanics will fire in rapid succession, so to handle this, the main tank should pull the boss to the southwest edge immediately after Hellfire. Two players should move away along the wall on the northeast side of the arena to bait out Eruptions, then move towards the party. Finally, the healer with Searing Wind should move to the opposite side of the arena to the party. This will ensure all players avoid the Crimson Cyclones and the Eruptions.

Once these mechanics have resolved, the boss will cast Infernal Howl again. Both healers will have Searing Wind for a short time here, so players need to be careful moving around them. After this, Ifrit will mark a DPS with Flaming Crush. Everyone other than the healers need to stack with this DPS to mitigate damage and the amount of time the Accursed Flame debuff lasts.

Ifrit will leap to the edge of the arena and summon three more clones, charging Crimson Cyclone again. The clones will drop in line with where the nails had spawned. From here, the clones will charge in the order which the nails were killed. Players other than the Searing Wind debuffed healer should move to where the fourth nail was defeated, with the healer moving to the opposite side, and move around the arena to where each nail was defeated, dodging the Crimson Cyclones. when the boss charges across the arena, since it is awakened, it will leave behind a large cross of fire on the arena. If the boss starts at an intercardinal, it will charge and the cross will form at the cardinals, and vice versa. Players need to identify where the boss starts and end up in the safe zone based on this.

The boss will return to the center of the room and cast Incinerate three more times. The boss will follow up with Eruption on the two furthest players, another Flaming Crush which can be mitigated with all players, then the boss will enrage, casting Hellfire.

Immediately after Ifrit is defeated, Titan will spawn in the center of the arena and immediately use Geocrush, dealing most likely fatal damage to anyone who isn't close to the wall. After this attack resolves, a player can collect the light pillar. The boss will follow up with Earthen Fury, which needs to be mitigated and healed through. Have the main tank grab enmity from the boss and prepare for the Rock/Mountain Buster combo. The boss will follow this up with Weight of the Land, which players will need to dodge out of.

Titan will then use Geocrush, turning and facing a cardinal direction then leaping to it. Players need to identify which way the boss is jumping and move away to the other side. Once Titan lands, it will begin to cast Upheaval and Rock Throw. The rocks will drop opposite the boss, and players need to get knocked back into the safe zone behind the rocks. If players get hit by the rocks or are knocked back too far, they will die. To handle this combo, players need to stand within the boss's hitbox and determine where the rocks will drop, then stand to either the left or right of the arrow on the front of the boss's hitbox. When it casts Upheaval, it will knock players into the safe zone behind the rocks. The rocks will also cast Burst, so players need to be careful and stay stacked. After this, another rock will drop in the previous safe zone, and the boss will mark players for Granite Gaols.

After players are marked with Granite Gaol, the boss will begin casting Landslide. It will use this attack twice. Players marked for Gaols will need to create a line between the last rock casting Burst and the boss. This way, when the rock explodes, it frees the player closest to it and drops a puddle, creating a chain reaction, freeing players and creating puddles across the arena that lead to the boss. This will give the boss its first stack of Aetherically Charged and continue to do so while the boss stands in place casting Tumult. Players marked with Gaols will have to dodge the first Landslide but can position themselves and not worry about the second.

After these resolve, Titan will cast Tumult eight times. Players should group up for AoE healing to make things easier. Following this, the boss will cast Weight of the land, so move out of the AoEs. By the time this resolves, the boss will have gained enough stacks of Aetherically Charged to receive the buff Awakened. The boss will cast Landslide, which will be the Awakened version, so a second wave of Landslides will fire after the first set, in the areas that were previously a safe zone. Titan will then face a cardinal and use Geocrush, so move to the opposite side it is facing. Once it lands it will cast Granite Gaol on one of the healers. This needs to be destroyed immediately, then players need to move out of another Landslide set. The boss will then go into casting Tumult 6 times in a row. Immediately after, the boss will use its Rock/Mountain Buster combo and drop more rocks in the center of the arena. These rocks will drop clockwise around the center one by one.

The boss will use Weight of the Land three times and another Awakened Landslide. During this players will need to be careful as the rocks will still be dropping in the center. Finally, the boss will use another Rock/Mountain Buster combo and another set of Weight of the Lands. It will use Tumult 8 times in a row, then enrage and begin casting Earthen Fury, which will wipe the party.

The boss will begin with four large pillars dropping at the cardinals of the arena and dealing proximity damage. Players should stack in the center to shield and heal through this. The boss will summon 6 Magitek Bits around the arena. They will begin slow-casting Self Destruct which will wipe the party. These can only be defeated in time by using the level three caster Limit Break. This should only be used by the caster with the Beyond Limits buff. After using this, the Limit Gauge will refill. Players should also be attacking the bits to ensure the Limit Break kills them all. After they are destroyed, Lahabrea will spawn and immediately cast Blight, which will reduce all players HP to 1, inflict Doom which lasts for 8 seconds, and Down for the Count, which lasts for 4 seconds. The only way to survive this is by using the healer level 3 Limit Break. Again, make sure the healer with Beyond Limits uses the Limit Break. The boss will become targetable and begin casting Dark IV, which will hit for max damage. Use the level 3 melee Limit Break to defeat him while other players attack the boss to ensure it dies. After Lahabrea is defeated, The Ultima Weapon will spawn and cast Ultima, an attack that must be mitigated via shields, cooldowns, and a level 3 tank Limit Break.

Immediately after casting Ultima, the boss will consume the other Primals, then cast Tank Purge followed by Homing Lasers. The boss will then cast Ultimate Predation. Garuda will appear randomly around the center of the arena, while Ifrit and Ultima Weapon will appear at one of the intercardinals. Titan will spawn at a cardinal. Garuda will start by casting Wicked Wheel and Wicked Tornado. Ifrit will use the Awakened version of Crimson Cyclone, which will leave behind the cross-shaped puddle through the cardinals. Titan will use the Awakened version of Landslide, meaning players will have to dodge out of an attack, then back into where it was to avoid the second hit. Ultima Weapon will follow up with Ceruleum Vent, rendering the entire area unsafe in front of it. Finally, Garuda will use Feather Rain to close out the mini-phase. There are several methods to dodging these mechanics, however players should be aware of where Ultima Weapon is and where Ifrit's attack will drop the cross-shaped puddle. Players should avoid standing in front of Ultima and dodge carefully between the Titan Landslides.

After all these attacks resolve, the boss will appear in the center of the arena and summon all three Primals. Each one will prepare to fire their own unique mechanics: Ifrit will cast Eruption. Ultima Weapon will cast Radiant Plume at the edges of the arena. Titan will cast Rocks on the arena, which drop moving clockwise around the arena. Titan and Ultima Weapon will both fire Landslide. Titan will use the Awakened version of this attack. Titan will use Tumult, and Ultima Weapon will cast Viscous Aetheroplasm on its main target. Chirada and Suparna will spawn at the east and west and cast Wicked Wheel, so move away from them. Garuda will spawn in the center and use Mistral Shriek wile the ads move and use Feather Rain. Ultima Weapon will cast Homing Lasers on the player that is 2nd in the enmity list. Garuda will finish the mini-phase by casting Feather Rain.

A common strategy to handle this phase is to simply move Ultima Weapon to the south. This will cause Titan to move to the north, and many of the mechanics will resolve around the party with minimal dodging. Players should move out from the front of the boss to avoid Viscous Aetheroplasm.

After all attacks have resolved, the boss will enter its next mini-phase. The boss will move to the north of the arena, while Garuda spawns in the south, with Titan and Ifrit in the southeast and southwest. Titan will cast Weight of the Land and Ifrit will cast the Awakened version of Flaming Crush on a random player that isn't one of the tanks, and Garuda will cast Eye of the Storm, so players need to be careful near the edge of the arena. Weight of the Land will fire again, and Garuda will tether a player with Mesohigh. A