<cleaned_strategy_text>
Bosses
Rafflesia
Abilities
Phase 1: 100% - 65%
Blighted Bloom- Kills anyone who moves during its cast. Happens 5 seconds into the fight.
Devour- Vacuums in the direction of the person with yellow marker. Does a smaller 360 degree vacuum as well.
Bulbs- Unlike normal t6, bulbs cannot be zerged down in a hasty manner. They also form a tether to Rafflesia if they're too close to it. The tether gives Rafflesia a -90% incoming damage debuff.
Bloody Caress- Similar to t6, except that you will now need to swap at every stack.
Chains- Same as t6.
Honey and Bees- Same as t6.

Phase 2: 65% - 0%
Leafstorm- Happens at 65% instead of 40%.
Acid rain- Same as t6.
Swarm- Works differently now. Rafflesia will turn towards a random member of the raid and place a debuff on said person. The debuff has 4 stacks that should be reduced to 1 stack by spreading to other raid members. The debuff comes with a heavy that cannot be dispelled. Swarm expires in 8 seconds. Upon expiry, the swarm does damage to anyone affected depending on the number of stacks said person has. 1 stack = negligible damage. 2 Stacks = 90% of max HP. 3 and 4 stacks kills the target. Swarm occurs every 30s and the stacks last for 60s.
Slugs- Similar to the way it works in t6. However, the mechanic cannot be ignored by zerging Rafflesia as all 3 slugs will explode and wipe the raid after a certain amount of time. When the slug is reduced to 50% of its HP, it runs to eat an acidic honey and does 3-4k raid wide aoe damage. The slug will then be transformed into a bigger version of itself and it needs to be zerged down ASAP or it will do a 3k-4k raid wide aoe damage. All 3 slugs have to be killed and the phase repeats itself after the slugs are dead.
Chains
Laser- Same as t6
Bloody Caress- This means there still needs to be a tank swap.

Strategy
Phase 1:
Rafflesia needs to be kited away from bulbs that spawn by the tank, while tanks swap at every 2 stacks. As stated, the first devour happens 5 seconds into the fight. A good tactic is to always have the yellow marker run to the bulb directly behind Rafflesia. If a bulb spawns in the middle, that bulb can be used by the yellow marker while the boss is dragged away from it. Raid members needs to be alert whenever Rafflesia does a devour and it has a moderated sized aoe vacuum (about 20-25 yalms). Honey and bees work the same way and optimally, you want only one bee to have died and one honey to have been devoured throughout the entire first phase. DPS also need to take note that if a tether is up on Rafflesia, any DOTs on it will have 90% of its damage reduced throughout its entire duration. It is imperative that tanks move Rafflesia away from bulbs ASAP. Chains need to be broken as usual.

Phase 2 (65%)
Leafstorm occurs and a few seconds later, acid rain puddles spawn on various members of the raid. As with normal t6, the tank needs to drag Rafflesia away from the raid. After the puddles spawn, avoid the aoe damage and stack close to Rafflesia. For swarms, it is good to place a marker (A) on the left/right of Rafflesia. It will cast swarm on a random person in the raid (tanks can be hit too). On the first swarm, since the raid is stacked, 4 members will almost instantly get 1 stack of debuff each. These 4 members need to spread away (not too far, about 8 yalms) from the non-debuffed members.

The non-debuffed members are required to be at marker A when the next swarm is about to spawn. There is a chance that Rafflesia will put a swarm on a member with existing stacks. When that happens, Rafflesia will turn to face that member and that person needs to run to A immediately. The person will end up with 2 stacks and will need it count his swarm debuff down for the 90% hp hit. Healers can stoneskin and adlo to reduce the damage. Again, swarm occurs every 30s.

As swarm is happening, the slugs cannot be ignored. Since the first swarm is spreaded out immediately, which means there is no risk of someone getting 2 stacks, the first slug needs to be marked and dpsed down to 50% as soon as the raid is stacked. After the slug is below 50%, it'll run to eat an acidic honey and do a significant amount of damage to the raid. A big slug will spawn and it needs to be killed as soon as possible, before chains occur. Phase the second slug AFTER the chains and lasers have been dealt with. The swarm comes right after chains and lasers so the second slug needs to be fed as soon as everyone is topped up from the damage from chains/lasers. A good gauge when swarm is coming is every 30s mark of your swarm debuff.

Those without debuffs move to A and watch for where Rafflesia faces when swarm is cast. If it faces A, then it's one of the non-debuffed members who are getting the swarm which means the swarm will spread almost immediately since non-debuffed members are stacked at A. If it faces another direction, the person with the swarm needs to run towards A to spread his stacks. As the second big slug is at 50%, start dpsing the third small slug and phase it right after the second one dies. There'll be another set of chains with no laser to deal with but it's just a matter of having the anchor move away. Another swarm will come and just deal with it as you have the first 2 swarms. Do a tank swap at 3 stacks in this phase.

This phase repeats itself when leafstorm occurs.

To simplify, the phase looks like this.
Leafstorm -> Acid Rain -> Swarm -> Phase 1st slug -> Heal up -> Kill 1st big slug -> Chains and Laser (Anchor moves) -> Heal up -> Swarm -> Phase 2nd slug -> Kill 2nd big slug -> Phase 3rd slug -> Heal up -> Kill 3rd big slug -> Chains -> Swarm -> end.

The gist of the strategy in phase 2 is to isolate the damage sources and stagger them. They are as follows:
Slug phasing AOE = 3k raid damage
Chains and Laser = 3k~ damage
Rafflesia = tank damage
Second stack on swarm = 90% of max HP of target.
</cleaned_strategy_text>