<cleaned_strategy_text>
Prey- This mechanic begins with a red marker above a player's head. Once the marker disappears the player will take a small amount of damage and gain a debuff. When the debuff expires the player will take a lot of damage and gain the effect of Paralysis. This Paralysis cannot be removed. The way to deal with the mechanic is to shield the player from taking any damage. If they take 0 in the initial part when the marker disappears then they will not receive the debuff and will be saved from the second part of the attack. The healers will generally use Adloquium or other shields to achieve this. The difficulty comes during add phases because the adds can also use the Prey mechanic, meaning you can have two players with red markers at the same time. The healers will need to be careful in that they apply their shields to different players. Voice communication helps with this, and it also helps if the player(s) with Prey call out that they have it.

Wild Charge- This mechanic begins with a blue marker above a player's head. Once the marker disappears the player will be stunned and Imdugud will charge the player who had the blue mark. The first person hit will take massive damage, while the others hit will share damage. If only the marked person is hit then they die. The way to deal with this mechanic is to set a marker on the ground directly south of the boss (see the light blue pentagon on the image above) and have the person with Wild Charge run behind this mark. The off-tank will position themselves just behind the boss so that they take the biggest hit and others will stack on your ground marker. This will ensure no one dies. Who stacks on the ground marker will be determined by another mechanic - Heat Lightning.

Heat Lightning- This targets three random players and deals a small AoE damage to them. The attack then leaves a Vulnerability Up debuff on them. You are only going to die from this mechanic if your AoE overlaps with someone else's or if you take a lot of damage elsewhere, such as from Wild Charge. Wild Charge and Heat Lightning almost always come together, and the idea is that the people who get hit by Heat Lightning stand still and those who don't will run to your ground marker to soak up the Wild Charge damage. If the off tank gets Heat Lightning they will need to tank swap with the main tank so that the main tank soaks up the damage. The Vulnerability Up debuff would otherwise cause the off tank to take too much damage from Wild Charge and die. There is a time in the last phase where Wild Charge comes with Cyclonic Chaos (tether) rather than a Heat Lightning. This scenario is completely different. But first, the Cyclonic Chaos mechanic.

Cyclonic Chaos- This mechanic only exists in the final phase and its appearance is a tether attached from Imdugud to a random player. After some time the tether will explode and deal a lot of damage. Most of the time the Tether will appear along with Heat Lightning, so as with Wild Charge the players not affected by Heat Lightning should deal with the mechanic. With Tether this is a case of stacking on the tethered player. They should stack in the middle, where the black dot is on the image above. Players who take damage from Wild Charge and Cyclonic Chaos will be knocked back towards the outer circles. These are going to be covered by lightning AoE that deals around 1100 damage per tick so you need to move back to your position as soon as possible. Especially in the later phases where almost the entire arena is covered. This is the soft enrage and it will eventually consume the entire arena. In the final phase Wild Charge and Cyclonic Chaos can come together, rather than with a Heat Lightning. This is the most difficult situation in the fight. It requires three players to have numbered markers above them. They will be responsible for saving the Tethered person. The person with Wild Charge should position themselves as normal and then once the Tether has exploded the people who did not stack for the Tether should stack on the ground marker for Wild Charge. A player should not be trying to save both, so some co-ordination is required.

Critical Rip- A high damage attack on the tank for over 10,000 damage. The tank should use defense abilities to bring this down to a more manageable level of around 4,000.

Crackle Hiss- This is a frontal cone attack with no cast time. It deals around 3500 damage and only the tank should get hit by it.

Spike Flail- A cone AoE from Imdugud's (or adds) tail. Roughly where the red lines are in the image above. This attack is only used if someone stands behind the mob kinda like the tail attack from Caduceus in turn 1 of the Binding Coil. You can use this to your advantage and trigger the attack because while Imdugud or the add is charging. Spike Flail he will not be doing anything else. This gives the healers some breathing space to top people up.

Adds- These will spawn in phase 2 and 4, they will be explained later in the guide. Adds can use Spike Flail and Crackle Hiss too.

Electrocharge- Imdugud will use when the add phases start and it will make it immune to attacks.

Electric Burst- This is used shortly after the adds die and the damage is based on how many stacks of Electrocharge she had.

Phase 1 - 100% - 83%
Phase 1 lasts until 83% and introduces the first two mechanics of the fight, which are Wild Charge and Prey. Both of these mechanics will persist for the duration of the fight and on their own they are easy to deal with, but combined with other mechanics later on they can become more difficult. This phase is quite straightforward and should not pose any difficulty because the Wild Charge in this phase does not come with Heat Lightning so anyone can stack for it. However you should use it as training to get your positioning correct.

Phase 2 - 83% - 83%
At the start of phase 2 Imdugud will use Electrocharge, making him go untargetable and pose no threat. He will spawn four adds with two being Sons of Imdugud and two being Daughters of Imdugud. As Imdugud is not tanked in this phase you should have the main tank take a Son and Daughter to one side of the room and the off tank take the other two to the other side. Usually groups will kill a pair from one side of the room before focusing on the other side, and as the Daughters pose the biggest threat (they can use Prey) it is advisable to kill the Daughter first. The Sons leave an electric ground DoT when they die which is another reason to kill the Daughters first. Once all four adds die Imdugud returns and you have about 20 seconds to damage it before it uses Electric Burst. This damage will be based on how fast the adds die but it is nothing to worry about unless your DPS is really bad. After this begins phase 3.

Phase 3 - 83% - 54%
Phase 3 is almost identical to phase 1 in that you will have to deal with Wild Charge and Prey, however Imdugud will introduce a new ability called Heat Lightning. As mentioned earlier in the guide this is a mechanic that randomly targets three players and deals AoE damage as well as applies a Vulnerability Up debuff. So make sure that you are all spread far enough apart that your AoEs do not overlap. On every other Heat Lightning you will have to deal with a Wild Charge by having those not affected by Heat Lightning move in to your marker, as explained earlier. That's all there is to this phase. You will typically see about two Wild Charges before you push it into phase 4.

Phase 4 - 54% - 54%
Phase 4 begins just like phase 2 with Imdugud using Electrocharge and four adds spawning. However what makes the phase different is that two more adds will spawn on the west side of the room after about 20 seconds. If you have not killed the Son and Daughter from the west side before these spawn you are probably looking at a wipe so it is a DPS check. The best way to deal with the adds is to have a BLM or SMN use their LB3 right at the start of the phase. This will hit all four adds and take them to around 50% health. The group should then use all available DPS buffs to take out the west Daughter and Son as quickly as possible before the next two spawn. Once these two have died you can then move on to the adds on the east side, before moving back to the west for the additional adds. As with phase 2, it is important to kill the Daughter before the Son in each pairing. Once all four adds die prepare for phase 5.

Phase 5 - 54% - 0%
As you might expect, phase 5 is the hardest phase and not only will you have a new mechanic (Cyclonic Chaos) you will also have noticed that your arena space is getting smaller and smaller. By the end of the phase only the centre circle will remain a safe spot. If your DPS isn't high enough even that won't be safe and you will begin to wipe due to the amount of damage taken. The new mechanic that comes into play (Cyclonic Chaos) is the Tether mentioned in the mechanics part of the guide. It will come with Heat Lightning and the person with the tether moves to the centre of the arena while those who did not get Heat Lightning stack with him/her. As with phase 1 and 3 you will have to deal with Heat Lightning and Wild Charge as well as Prey, but by now you should be used to these mechanics. It's the same as usual. The hardest part of the phase is when Wild Charge and Cyclonic Chaos come along together. Deal with it in the way described earlier; it will take some practise but it's something you will only see once or twice during the final phase so once you learn it you are well on your way to a win.
</cleaned_strategy_text>