<strategy_text>
Note that failing any mechanics in these fights will result in the player who failed them receiving a two minute stacking Vulnerability Up debuff.

Terminus Snatcher
Last Gasp: Tank Buster.
Note of Despair: Room-wide AoE.
Mouth Off: Boss summons 5 non-targetable mouths in the ground around the edge of the arena. After some time they will spawn an AoE on themselves. Two of the mouths are closed and will be safe zones. To avoid the attack, stand on or behind either of the closed mouths.
What Is Left/Right: Fires from the left or right of the boss's hitbox and covers that side of the arena in an AoE. Players can determine which attack is coming by looking to see which arm the boss is raising. This ability can accompany Mouth Off or Wallow.
Lost Hope: Players are debuffed with Temporary Misdirection, placing a spinning hand over their heads. When players move, the hand stops spinning and they can only move in a straight line in the direction the hand points. This debuff will most commonly still be affecting players during Mouth Off, so players must carefully time their movement to reach the safe zones as the hand moves quite quickly, but players will have time to correctly orient themselves if they are cautious.
Wallow: Each player will receive a point-blank AoE with a red arrow marker over their head, requiring players to spread out to avoid overlapping damage. This attack doesn't have a cast bar and is used infrequently, only during What is Left/Right.
These attacks will repeat until the boss is defeated.

Terminus Wrecker
After roughly ten seconds, the edge of the arena is set on fire and debuffs with a 30 second Burns, dealing Damage over Time.
Total Wreck: Tank Buster.
Meaningless Destruction: Room-wide AoE.
Poison Heart: A random player receives a stack marker after the cast finishes, requiring players to stack to mitigate damage.
Unholy Water: Summons six Water Orbs around the edge of the arena. Running into an orb will absorb the player, debuffing with Fetters and applying a Water Resistance Down debuff, but making the player immune to fire damage. The boss will cast one of the two variants of Aether Siphon immediately after summoning the orbs.
Aether Siphon: Absorbs aether from either the burning buildings (Fire) or the lake (Water). The boss will cast the associated element's Aether Spray immediately afterwards. The first usage of Aether Siphon is random, after which it will alternate between the two types.
Aether Spray - Fire: Casts a room-wide fire AoE that can only be avoided if players run to an unoccupied water orb before the cast finishes. Players receive a 20 second Burns debuff if they are hit.
Aether Spray - Water: A large radial knockback marker appears in the center of the room. Players can either stand at the center of the arena to avoid being knocked into the edge of the arena, or use a knockback resistance skill.

Blasphemy: Svarbhanu
Roughly ten seconds into the fight, the edge of the arena will be covered in an AoE that inflicts a 15 second Bleed debuff, dealing Damage over Time.
Gnashing of Teeth: Tank Buster.
Flames of Decay: Room-wide AoE.
Aetherial Disruption: Four wide line AoEs divide the floor into quadrants. Two of the AoEs will be red, and two blue. Players will be shown either a red circle or a blue triangle, indicating which AoEs are going to explode. Players must then move to the opposite AoEs to avoid damage.
Crumbling Sky: Cast immediately following most Aetherial Disruption casts, causing one or both of the following effects to occur:
Radial knockback: Players will be knocked a short distance backwards.
Circular AoE: Players will be marked with point-blank AoEs, requiring them to spread out.
Meteor phase
The boss moves to the east edge of the arena and casts Crumbling Sky, but this does not trigger the same effects as it does during Aetherial Disruption. The boss will leave the arena and begin firing sets of three meteors at the arena, while small AoEs appear randomly. The meteors are in line with the columns outlined on the floor by the tiles, and the meteors will hit the edge of the stage in line with these columns. If players are hit by these, they receive a Vulnerability Up debuff and are knocked back a short way. Players must determine which column is safe to stand in to avoid the meteors, then avoid the small AoEs that appear randomly around the arena.
You may have to tilt your view up to see the meteors; they are up in the air.
The boss will fire three sets and return to the arena, where the fight will resume.
And if you think dodging the meteors was easy, wait until you realize that the line AoEs are actually scripted with a random element. Numbering them from 1 to 4, left to right facing the boss in the sky, the safe lines will be: column 2 OR column 3 for the first meteor, then the second meteor will be 2 if 3 was first OR 3 if 2 was first, and the last safe zone will be the farthest away from the second meteor (so either 1 or 4).
From here the only difference is both Crumbling Sky effects will occur each time it is used. Otherwise, the fight is exactly the same as before.
</strategy_text>