Here is the cleaned up text for the "A Satrap's Duty" quest guide:

Y'shtola ponders the next stage of your preparations to enter the void. 

Y'shtola, relieved at the safe conclusion to her experiment, deliberates how best to augment the talisman for your forthcoming expedition into the void. Not wanting to further burden the alchemists of the Great Work, you settle on bringing the problem to the Garlond Ironworks operation in Rhalgr's Reach. If anyone can find a solution, it will be Cid and his innovative engineers.

Fascinated by your commission, Cid agrees to fashion a protective case for the talisman, even promising to enlist the incorrigible Nero and his trove of data on the Thirteenth. With one solution pending, Y'shtola suggests a return to the Great Work, where Nidhana has hopefully made progress on the construction of the mock Atomos.

Nidhana is pleased to speak of her own good fortune in ascertaining the simulacrum's necessary components, as well as receiving unexpected offers of assistance from the High Crucible's alchemists. Despite the imminent possibility of travel to the void, however, Vrtra remains hesitant about resuming the search for his sister. Strong words of encouragement from Nahbdeen and the assembled Thavnairians nearly convince him to reach a decision, but it is your contribution which finally moves the great wyrm to "take heart." Thus bolstered in spirit, Vrtra announces he will trust Radz–at–Han to his people for a time, and attempt what he has dreamed of for five thousand long years.

Although glad of Estinien's participation, Y'shtola advises against involving the other ostensibly disbanded Scions in your impending venture into the void. Similarly, she would prefer to avoid attracting attention by basing the expedition out of the Rising Stones─an issue Varshahn means to remedy after a return to Meghaduta.

A quick word to a palace official, and it seems that guest chambers will soon be at your disposal for use as a new headquarters─once the occupying mounds of treasure have been formally allocated for the Khalzahl Foundation, that is. As your various preparations proceed apace, you can almost hear the door to the Thirteenth─and a new adventure─begin to creak open...