Here is the cleaned up text for the Final Fantasy 14 quest "A Test of Wιll":

Quest giver: Estinien
Location: Ultima Thule (X:9.9, Y:17.6) 
Quest line: Endwalker Main Scenario Quests
Level: 89
Experience: 508,200
Gil: 1,123
Previous quest: On Burdεned ωings
Next quest: Roads Pαved││Sacri┣ice
Patch: 6.0

Walkthrough:
The bereaved dragon has fallen silent, leaving Estinien to sigh with frustration.

Steps:
1. Speak with Alphinaud.
2. Speak with Al End. 
3. Speak with Alphinaud.
4. Touch the wind confluence and await the others at the designated location.

Journal:
The bereaved dragon has fallen silent, leaving Estinien to sigh with frustration.

Though you and Estinien hoped to learn more of your surrounds, the dragon shade is committed to resuming its silent vigil. Nevertheless, what little insight you gained may prove to be beneficial, and so the two of you return to rendezvous with the other Scions.

After discussing the collected results of your investigations of the island and its inhabitants, prospects for a path forward appear grim, until Y'shtola posits a theory based on Meteion's assertion that emotions dictate reality in this dominion of dynamis. Following Thancred's example, she suspects you must overcome the powerful emotions that maintain the island's current state. Hearing this, Urianger suggests speaking with Al End, a dragon whose sorrow is perhaps most pronounced among his kin. Countering his despair may serve to alter the island, and create a path by which you may advance.

Estinien steps forward to confront Al End, and as their exchange grows more intense, something stirs within the timeworn dragon. With a terrible cry, he transforms into a small, black bird, and summons a swirling vortex that consumes Estinien. In the blink of an eye, another friend is lost, but in his wake a powerful wind begins to blow, and a path leading away from the island opens.

You and your comrades follow the wind, until you reach a cliff with a localized cyclone at its edge. Alphinaud bids you go on ahead, that he might have a moment to gather his thoughts.

Though Estinien is no more, he is still with you in spirit, as is Thancred. For their sake, and for all those who yet live on Etheirys, you press onward in search of Meteion.