Here is the cleaned up version of the strategy guide text:

Alexander - The Cuff of the Father is a level 60 raid introduced in patch 3.01 with Heavensward. Also called A2, it is the second floor of Alexander: Gordias. 

Objectives:
Clear Serviceway #542: 0/1
Clear Serviceway #539: 0/1
Arrive in Hangar 12: 0/1
Slay the machinists: 0/1

Strategy:
The second pack of enemies can be skipped. Run past them and jump down the chute at the left.

The "boss" is a series of waves of enemies. There is also a blue magitek robot which 1 or 2 raiders can choose to mount into.

The Magitek armor mount has the ability to deal damage to the enemy, put a vulnerability debuff on the enemy, and most importantly, have the ability to drag the bombs which will spawn. The bombs have a wide explosion radius and stack a fire damage taken debuff on anyone hit.

Players can fight the enemies on one side of the arena so that the bomb can be taken to the opposite corner and prevent raid damage. With current stats, this is not necessary, as the bombs only inflict minor damage if they explode.

Recommended kill order:
1) Red Magitek Suits of Armor Boomtype Magitek Gobwalker
These enemies can inflict debuffs on the raid, they are a priority to kill.

2) Tall Robot Knights Jagd Dolls
Not overly difficult, just can cause a lot of damage if not careful.

3) Big Goblins Gordian Hardhelms and Gordian Hardminds
Again, not much of a threat, but they have more health than the smaller enemies

4) Little Goblins Gordian Soldiers and Gordian Snipers
More trash mobs, deal with them to reduce the number of enemies attacking the tank.

5) Gigantic Robot Machines Magitek Gobwidow G-IX
Save these for last, they are easy enough to take down, but have an AOE. IF only one is spawned, tank it separately from the rest of the enemies until they are dealt with. Otherwise try to avoid having many of these in one area.

Loot:
1 Precision Gordian Lens (Guaranteed)

Treasure Coffer 1:
Tarnished Gordian Lens x1
Tarnished Gordian Shaft x1 
Tarnished Gordian Pedal x1
Tarnished Gordian Bolt x1

Treasure Coffer 2:  
Tarnished Gordian Crank x1
Tarnished Gordian Spring x1
Tarnished Gordian Pedal x1
Tarnished Gordian Bolt x1

Achievements:
Mapping the Realm: Gordias II - Discover every location within Alexander: Gordias - the Cuff of the Father.