Here is the cleaned up text for the Amdapor Keep dungeon guide:

Amdapor Keep

Level 50 (Sync: 50)  
Item Level 45 (Sync: 110)
Difficulty Normal
Party size Light Party 4 man • 1 Tank 1 Healer 2 DPS
Unsyncing Allowed
Time limit 90 minutes

Once, the lost civilization of Amdapor thrived in the Twelveswood, her citizens wielders of powerful, yet forbidden magicks which could be used to alter the very fabric of existence. However, as is oft the case with peoples who fancy themselves gods, the self-assuring hubris of the Amdapori eventually became their downfall, and as quickly as they rose to power, did they disappear from the world. For generations, this relic of their once-mighty civilization has remained hidden in plain sight—cloaked by the elementals who sought only to prevent newer generations from stumbling across the ancient Amdapori magicks. That is, until the Lambs of Dalamud—a dark cult who worships the now-fallen lesser moon as a god—dispelled the elementals' glamour by means unknown, and claimed the keep as their own. Now the crazed followers use its ancient chambers to perform blood sacrifices in an effort to resurrect their evil lord.

Objectives
Clear the Gier Hall: 0/1
Clear the Bloody Transept: 0/1  
Defeat Anantaboga: 0/1

Bosses

Psycheflayer
At first only the Lunatic Priest is present. He has a circular AoE spell named Void Fire II that players should avoid. At around half HP, he will summon the Psycheflayer. Burst down the Lunatic Priest while the tank pulls the Psycheflayer to the far right side of the room, near the lantern.  

Players should attempt to interrupt Void Fire III with stuns and avoid Void Fire II by moving out of the ground indicator. Healers should remove the Disease debuff with Esuna if possible.

Psycheflayer will spawn Stone Marionette and Marble Marionette throughout the fight. Be sure to kill them as soon as they spawn. Players should avoid Stone Marionette's frontal column AoE ability and interrupt Marble Marionette's Obliterate spell.  

At around half HP, Psycheflayer will summon the Megalith Marionette. The giant golem will slowly walk around the boss room and cast Plaincracker, the giant circular AoE ability, occasionally. When you are positioned at the right side of the room, near the lantern, you can easily avoid Plaincracker by hugging the right wall. Players should ignore Megalith Marionette and keep their focus on the Psycheflayer.

Demon Wall  
Demon Wall will use his abilities in a pattern. He will first use Liquefy (Middle), followed by Liquefy (Sides). After two rotations of these abilities, Demon Wall will use Repel. Players should move to the edges of the platform when Demon Wall uses Liquefy (Middle), dark column in the center of the room. Players should move to the center when Demon Wall uses Liquefy (Sides), dark columns in the left and right sides of the room. When the Demon Wall uses Repel, players should be in the center of the boss room to avoid being thrown off the platform.

After Demon Wall uses 2nd Repel, a dark pool spawns in the back of the platform. Avoid the dark pool if possible. He will also summon 2 adds named Bloodlapper. Bloodlapper can paralyze players with AoE spells. Interrupt their casting of Thunderstorm and kill them as soon as possible.

Anantaboga
Anantaboga is the final boss of Amdapor Keep. Non-tank players should be Flanking the boss to avoid its Rotten Breath (front conal AOE) and Tail Drive (rear conal AOE). Rotten Breath will apply the debuff Disease to all targets hit. Disease will reduce all healing done to the target. Healers should remove disease with Esuna if possible.

Throughout the fight Anantaboga will use Imminent Catastrophe to spawn purplish, red orbs in the center of the boss room. The orbs will do damage to all players in its line of sight. Be sure to hide behind the statues around the room to avoid the damage. Additionally, the ability will awake one of the statues. Avoid the statue's circular AoE attack and burst it down.

Later in the fight Anantaboga will use Plague Dance on random players. Players with the debuff should move away from statues and other players so the red orbs will not damage any other players. The red orbs disappear when Anantaboga uses Imminent Catastrophe.