Here is the cleaned up text for the "Down in the Dark" quest guide:

Varshahn is the very picture of determination. 

Varshahn stands ready to sally forth into the moon's dark depths, there to confront Zeromus and rescue his sister Azdaja. Though the stakes are high, he vows to keep his emotions in check and let nothing sway him from his chosen course─and by the set of his jaw, you do not doubt that he will be true to his word.

As you advance through the red moon's subterranean maze, you happen upon a memoria crystal. No sooner does it begin to glow than you find yourself reliving a memory of bygone days, in which a man named Durante fights to protect king and country alongside his companion Golbez. The pair are in pursuit of a dark memoriate, whom they finally confront in the heart of a castle. The malign warrior appears defeated, but with his final breath corrupts Golbez with the power of a dark memoria crystal, leaving Durante with no choice but to lay his friend low and seal him in memoria. Though heartbroken, he is not deterred from his mission, and proclaims that Golbez will live on as the hero who saves the world.

The memory has laid bare the shocking truth: the man you believed to be Golbez is in fact his companion Durante. The impostor emerges from the shadows to stand before you, and Zero urges him to abandon his desperate cause, but the man who was Durante remains adamant that terrible might wielded for tremendous change is the only answer. He reveals that, in his bid to end the Contramemoria, it was none other than he who unleashed the Flood of Darkness and doomed the Thirteenth. Having reaffirmed his purpose and his name, Golbez then takes his leave to ensure that nothing interferes with Zeromus's awakening.

In spite of everything you have heard from Golbez, Zero clings to the hope that he may yet see reason. Together you venture deeper into the moon's subterrane in search of the man, determined to put an end to his dark plot once and for all.

At last you corner Golbez in his domain─only to discover it is a ploy. Your foe conjures shades of his fallen archfiends, together with whom he attempts to bar the path to Zeromus, but your comrades manage to occupy them long enough to afford you an opening to slip past. So it is that you arrive in the nexus where the dread voidsent slumbers. It stirs to life in your presence, and it falls to you to prevent it from destroying the barrier between worlds.

A harrowing battle ensues in which the very fabric of reality begins to fray. Yet for all its strength, Zeromus falters. You deliver the decisive strike, causing Golbez's champion to dissipate. Alas, the air remains thick with despair...

As was feared, Zeromus coalesces from the aether as many times as it is struck down. But joined by your comrades─a repentant Golbez among them─you succeed not only in sealing the being in memoria, but rescuing Azdaja besides. Thus is the day won, and after millennia, Vrtra reunited with his beloved sister. 

Though your meeting with Zero was mere happenstance, from it grew a friendship that gave the memoriate a new beginning. Together with Golbez, she is confident that the void can be restored. And should they want for aid, they now know where to find it.