Here is the cleaned up version of the text:

Growing Light

Y'shtola has the look of a woman satisfied with her work. 

Not long after you and your comrades notify the Forum of your mission's success, Y'shtola receives a linkpearl call from Nidhana, who informs her that a great feast will be held in Radz-at-Han to celebrate Azdaja's homecoming. The members of your party are naturally invited, but before you can make your way to Thavnair, you must deliver the memoria crystal containing Zeromus's aether to your friends in the First.

Upon arriving in the Crystarium, you present yourself to the sentry at the Dossal Gate. The man directs you to the Ocular while he goes to find Lyna and Beq Lugg.

While they were already well aware of your triumph, your friends are no less happy to hear your personal account, having been glad to play a role in protecting the Source. They are further delighted and intrigued when you entrust to them the memoria crystal and explain Zero's idea of using it to restore balance to the First. While there is no telling if it will be possible, Beq Lugg and Ryne resolve to do their utmost to try.

Lyna had faith that you would be victorious in the end, and she is equally certain that the people of Norvrandt will cheer when they learn the Warrior of Darkness managed to save his/her home. She assures you that they will continue the work they've begun, and so secure in the knowledge that the fortunes of the First will surely improve, you return to the Source that you may join the celebration in Radz–at–Han.

You arrive in time to partake of a sumptuous feast at Mehryde's Meyhane. Having had your fill, you step aside for a moment's respite and find Estinien doing likewise. The dragoon takes the opportunity to inquire as to your future plans, and when you struggle to answer, he assures you that you will know when the time is right. The two of you are then joined by Y'shtola, who muses that her coming days will be spent compiling theories on cross-rift travel. But when she turns to ask after Estinien's plans, you find that he has already silently taken his leave─as is his wont.

Y'shtola thanks you for everything you've learned and accomplished─to have been a part of something so momentous─before taking her leave. Alone once more, you heed her suggestion and make your way to Meghaduta, there to call on Vrtra.

You find Vrtra in the form of Varshahn, who explains that he has assumed the guise to readily escort his sister Azdaja about Radz-at-Han. Long has he dreamed of showing her his beautiful city, a glittering jewel born of unity, and he intends to relish every moment of it. The happiness in his words warms your heart, and fills your breast with pride for the part you played in reuniting siblings separated across worlds and millennia. And though Darkness yet reigns in the void, the spark of hope has been rekindled, instilling you with faith that, one day, life-giving Light will shine there once more.