Here is the cleaned up text for the quest guide:

Quest giver: G'raha Tia
Location: Ultima Thule (X:37.4, Y:25.4) 
Quest line: Endwalker Main Scenario Quests
Level: 90
Gil: 1,087
Previous quest: ┣┨̈//̈ No┨ΦounΔ•••
Next quest: Forge Ahead
Patch: 6.0

Main Scenario Progress: 803 / 853 (94.1%)
Endwalker Progress: 105 / 155 (67.7%)

"G'raha Tia is ready to take the next step." — In-game description
 
Steps:
1. Speak with Alisaie.
2. Speak with G'raha Tia and observe M-017.
3. Identify an anomaly in M-017 when it manifests.
4. Speak with M-017.
5. Speak with Alisaie.

Journal:
G'raha Tia is ready to take the next step.

In your search for an Omicron neglecting its duties, you and G'raha Tia have identified a likely unit. It is decided that you will return to Base Omicron to confer with the others.

Harboring uncertainty about the meaning of life, it seems all but certain that the Omicron in question is the source of obstruction. Alphinaud posits that a unit in a position of leadership may have availed itself of another body, and Alisaie conceives of a plan to ascertain its true identity by striking the console with lightning and gauging its reaction. For your part, you are required to closely observe the unit, M-017, while G'raha Tia diverts its attention with conversation. With the details settled, you set forth to carry out the operation.

All goes according to plan─the lightning strike proving M-017 is not entirely what it seems. The unit confesses a connection to Sir, and begs to continue the conversation away from its fellows. G'raha Tia suggests joining the twins at the console, and you head off together.

M-017 reveals its true identity: part of the shared intelligence of Stigma-1, its duty to determine the optimal path for the Omicrons to achieve their prime function. The Omicrons, it explains, were born of a frail and feeble race whose members sought to defend themselves by enhancing their bodies. Yet what began as a desire for self-preservation became conquest for conquest's sake, until the Omicrons eventually grew so powerful as to have no equal. Bereft of a worthy threat, Stigma-1 found itself unable to perform its duty, and came to question its purpose and existence. To counter this civilization-ending despair, G'raha Tia brings his dreams to bear, and by his sacrifice paves the way forward in your quest.

With yet another comrade lost, the burden of your mission weighs heavier. Yet in this place where emotions dictate reality, you can feel their presence spurring your steps ever onward, and you fix your gaze upon the path that remains to be walked.

Trivia: 
Hello, World is a common first time beginners programming exercise.