Here is the cleaned up text for the Mount Ordeals (Extreme) strategy guide:

Mount Ordeals (Extreme) is a level 90 trial introduced in patch 6.3 with Endwalker. 

Guide

Note that players can fall off the edge of the arena to their death, although they can be resurrected after a moderate delay. 

The party should assign spread ("clock") positions with tanks/healers on cardinals and DPS on intercardinals, along with two light parties comprising 1 tank, 1 healer, 1 acting melee DPS, and 1 acting ranged DPS. They should also assign spread positions on four adjacent "slices" of the arena, each slice containing one melee/tank and one ranged/healer.

Autarch of Flame: Rubicante

Phase 1

Inferno: Moderate raidwide damage.

Ordeal of Purgation: The boss summons three concentric circles on the arena (red, purple, red) and begin casting this ability. Each section will contain segments of blue fuses. The boss will aim one or two fireballs from the center that will travel along the blue fuses until they reach the outside, containing blue triangle or orange rectangle panels on each cardinal and intercardinal.

Similar to normal mode, a blue panel that is hit with a fireball will use a large conal AoE through the middle of the arena.

In extreme, the new orange panels will use a half-room AoE that hits the side closest to them if they are hit with a fireball.

The fuse segments on the red sections (inner and outermost) of the arena will always be straight. The fuse segments in the purple middle section can either be straight or be oriented towards an adjacent slice of the arena.

Any of the three circles may rotate clockwise or counterclockwise if indicated by the arrows, changing the positions of the fuses. They will rotate 1/8th (one slice) of the arena. If the outermost circle rotates, it will also rotate the location of the outside panels.

During this cast, players will be inflicted with Penance. When the debuff expires, it will turn into Penitent's Shackles, immobilizing players until the AoEs resolve. Therefore, players will need to preemptively find the safe area to avoid getting hit.

This mechanic is used multiple times throughout the fight with semi-fixed patterns. It may be prudent to mark one experienced player to follow. While players cannot move until the AoEs resolve, if some players are in an unsafe area, it may also be recommended to proactively use party mitigation to reduce the damage they take.

Ordeal of Purgation (version 1): The boss aims a single fireball, while both the innermost and outermost (red) circles will rotate. The fireball will hit either an orange or blue panel.

Ordeal of Purgation (version 2): The boss aims two fireballs starting 90 degrees form each other, while the outermost circle rotates. Each fireball will hit an orange panel, making the quadrant of the room opposite from the "V"-shaped center fuse segments safe.

Arch Inferno: Spawns a small persistent AoE in the middle of the arena and two sets of rotating AoEs on the outsides, making either the northeast/southwest or northwest/southeast sides the initial safe spots. The party should split into light parties, with one group going north and the other going south. Players will rotate to dodge the AoEs, while the boss will sequentially use two of three mechanics:

Both healers will receive a stack marker, so each light party should stack.

All DPS or all tanks/healers will receive a blue, two-person stack marker. Tanks/melees should stack together while healers/ranged should stack.

Each player will receive an orange marker, telegraphing AoEs that require the party to be fully spread.

All of these mechanics inflict Magic Vulnerability Up, making overlap lethal.

At the end of this sequence, the boss will cast Radial Flagration, which is a conal AoE on each player, so the party should spread to clock positions.

Ordeal of Purgation (version 3): The boss aims two fireballs starting 90 degrees form each other, while the middle circle rotates. Each fireball will hit a blue panel. Find the quadrant that contains the "V"-shaped fuse and go between two panels in that quadrant, at max melee range.

Ordeal of Purgation (version 4): The boss aims two fireballs starting 180 degrees form each other, while the middle circle rotates. Each fireball will hit an orange panel, making an eighth (slice) of the room safe. Identify the fuse segments that form a straight line through the entire room, then find the half that contains two bent fuses in the purple area. Starting from the straight fuse through the room, follow the arrows to the slice containing the bent fuse.

Adds Phase

The phase functions similarly to normal mode except with more adds and a few more mechanics. The boss summons five Flamesent and one Greater Flamesent, which must be defeated before Rubicante's Power reaches 100, or the party will wipe.

The Greater Flamesent will continuously use Ghastly Torch, dealing raidwide damage and inflict a stack of Burns, dealing damage-over-time, so healing and mitigation are recommended. This add should be killed first to stop Ghastly Torch.

The north Flamesent will use Ghastly Flame, spawning several AoE telegraphs that should be avoided.

The northwest and northeast Flamesent will tether random players. Each tank should pick these up, because the adds will hit the tethered players with AoE tankbusters.

The southwest and southeast Flamesent will tether random non-tank players, indicating they will use a conal AoE. The tethered players should face them away from the party to avoid cleaving others.

Blazing Rapture: Unavoidable raidwide AoE after the adds phase. Heal through and mitigate. The party will also be inflicted with another Burns damage-over-time effect during this cast.

Phase 2

The boss will transform into his "winged" form, although this transition is much faster than in normal mode and does not have an unskippable cutscene.

Flamespire Brand: Assigns various debuffs to players.

Four players (all DPS or all tanks/healers) will receive Blooming