Here is the cleaned up text for the Storm's Crown strategy guide:

Storm's Crown is a level 90 trial introduced in patch 6.2 with Endwalker.

Guide
Trial Guide by MTQcapture

Empress of the Winds: Barbariccia
Initially, there will be no border on the arena. However, starting in phase two, a wind border will envelop the arena, dealing damage and inflicting a powerful Windburn debuff that deals damage over time and lasts for 12 seconds. Failing any mechanic or getting hit by avoidable attacks will result in a stacking Vulnerability Up debuff.

Abilities
Void Aero IV: Unavoidable roomwide AoE.
Savage Barbery: The boss will indicate which direction she will swing her sword, while also indicating where she will throw it afterwards. If the red swords appear to arc over her head, she will perform a line AoE that reaches across the platform. If the red blades form a circle around her, she will perform a donut AoE attack. After this, she will throw the sword to where the red arrow leads.
Hair Raid: The boss will tether to her sword, then leap to it and quickly attack in a wide conal AoE, leaving a safe zone behind her.
Void Aero III: a split tank tankbuster. Deals high damage in a small AoE. Any other players hit by this will most likely die.
Teasing Tangles: The boss will call four large AoEs on the ground. After they resolve, a lock of hair will tether to each player, pulling them within the boundary of the AoE and debuffing them with Tangled. This lock of hair slows movement, and if players move beyond the edge of the AoE, they are pulled back and debuffed with Sustaining Damage. The hair will eventually release players.
Secret Breeze: The boss fires two sets of overlapping conal AoEs.
Hair Spray: The boss places markers on a tank, healer and two random DPS, placing an AoE underneath them.
Deadly Twist: The boss places a stack marker on a random player.
Void Aero: The boss summons a wide AoE where each player was standing.
Curling Iron: The boss deals a slight knockback that ignores knockback mitigation, and stuns all players with Down for the Count.
Catabasis: The boss leaps into the air and transforms, then crashes into the arena, dealing high damage.
Blow Away: The boss produces several clones that fire in a straight line in the direction she is facing. She then follows up with a ground attack that hits all players. This in turn calls several randomly spawning large AoEs that deal high damage.
Brutal Rush: The charging attack of a clone. Deals medium damage. The Clones will also charge in a straight line across the arena from one edge to the other twice.
Boulder: A player is given a wide AoE marker that soon drops where they were standing. The AoE will then shortly resolve, dealing high damage to anyone hit.
Boulder Break: A high damage tankbuster targeting both tanks in a large AoE. Any other players hit by this will die.
Knuckle Drum: The boss strikes the ground repeatedly, dealing increasing damage for each strike.
Bold Boulder: The boss targets a tank and throws a massive boulder at them, dealing high damage. The rubble rains down upon the party, dealing light damage to all.
Trample: the boss places a stack marker on a player and jumps on them, dealing medium damage.
Tornado Chain: The boss places a large AoE on the ground, then a donut AoE on the edge of that, which detonate one after the other.
Tousle: the boss fires several slow moving AoEs from the center of the arena. getting hit by one knocks players into the air, dealing medium damage.
Touchdown: the boss places a large knockback marker on the arena, then leaps to it. Players must move away from the border of the room while Tangled to avoid touching the edge and suffering Windburn.
Impact: The boss does a knockback in the center of the room, dealing light damage and a small knockback.
Dry Blows: The boss deals a roomwide AoE, then summons several randomly spawning AoEs around the arena that deal high damage. This attack also spawns as Brutal Gust as well.

Strategy
Phase 1
The boss begins the battle with a Void Aero IV, damaging the entire party. She then returns to the center of the arena and casts Savage Barbery, placing either a line AoE or donut AoE, in accordance with which direction the red blades appear. She will then throw her sword to the spot indicated by the large red arrow. Following this, she will tether to the blade and perform Hair Raid, turning towards the center of the arena and firing a wide conal AoE. Players must move behind the blade to avoid damage. She will then cast Void Aero III, so both tanks must use mitigation and stand together to take the attack. After a few auto attacks, she will return to the center of the arena and perform the opposite Savage Barbery than the one she performed first, following up with Hair Raid once again. This is followed up by another Void Aero IV.

Following this, the boss will return to the center of the arena and cast Teasing Tangles, spawning four large AoEs at the cardinals of the arena. Once these resolve, two players each will tether to the hair in the center of each AoE and be pulled into them and inflicted with Tangled, a debuff that slows character movement. If players move beyond the boundary of their tether, they are pulled back in and dealt damage, as well as the Sustaining Damage debuff. While players are tethered, the boss will cast Secret Breeze, firing two sets of several conal AoEs. Players must stand in the spaces between the first set, then move to where the first set previously was to avoid taking damage from the second set. After this, players will be set free.

The boss will then drop a stacking marker on a random player, requiring everyone to stack to mitigate the damage. From here the phase will repeat until players bring the boss to below 70% health, with the only added difference being that during Hair Raid, four players will be marked with AoEs that they must spread out to avoid overlapping other players. After this, the boss will return to the center and cast Curling Iron, eventually knocking all players back and stunning