Here is the cleaned up strategy guide for the Storm's Crown (Extreme) trial in Final Fantasy 14:

Guide
Empress of the Winds: Barbariccia
Setup
Split the raid into two light parties (tank, healer, two DPS). Mark the healers as 1 and 2.
Place arena markers at the cardinal (N, S, W, E) and the intercardinal points (NE, NW, SE, SW) in the middle between the arena's center and its edges. Assign each player to one of these spread-out points: main tank north, offtank south, healers east and west, and DPS at the intercardinal points.

Phase 1
Void Aero IV
Raid-wide damage. The boss casts additional untelegraphed raid-wide damage intermittently.

Savage Barbery
The boss faces a random direction, preparing to throw her sword. This is telegraphed with an arcing line. There are two variants of this mechanic:

Sword held aloft. Casts a line AOE through the boss and an AOE where the sword lands. Stack behind the boss, on the opposite side of the arc of her throw, outside her hitbox.
Sword held to the side. Casts a donut AOE around the boss and an AOE where the sword lands. Stack behind the boss, on the opposite side of the arc of her throw, inside her hitbox.

Hair Raid
Facing towards the thrown sword, the boss performs a mechanic with four variations. She will either:

squat down: She will dash towards the sword and cleave the arena with a huge conal AOE. Only the edges of the arena to her sides, up to about the intercardinal points, are safe.
float in the air: She will recall the sword and cast a donut AOE around her.

She additionally casts one of two mechanics:

Stack markers on the healers: Both light parties stack on their respective healer:
if she squats: to her sides at the arena's edge (one light party per side),
if she floats: on opposite sides of the boss's hitbox.
AoE on each player: The players spread out in the safe space allowed by the first mechanic:
if she squats: spread along the safe area at the arena's edge to her side (one light party per side). The cleave will go off first, allowing the DPS to move into the arena a bit to spread out the player-targeted AOEs.
if she floats: Players spread out inside her hitbox in the direction of their assigned points, wait until the donut AOE goes off, and then spread out into the arena to distribute the player-targeted AOEs.

Savage Barbery
The boss repeats Savage Barbery, doing the opposite of what she did the first time (line AOE or donut AOE). Therefore, if players previously stacked behind her inside her hit box, they now need to stack outside of it, and vice versa.

Hair Raid
The boss also repeats Hair Raid with the opposite of what she did the first time. For example, if she previously cast the conal AOE with the stack markers, she will now cast the donut AOE with the player-targeted AOEs.

Void Aero III
Tankbuster targeting the main tank. This incurs a stack of Wind Resistance Down, forcing a tank swap (Provoke by the offtank, and Shirk by MT on OT) immediately afterwards, or the main tank will die.

Teasing Tangles
The boss moves to the center, and telegraphed large AOEs go off at the cardinal points, leaving hair cones behind. Two players are each randomly pulled into the boundary around these cones, debuffed with Tangled, and have their movement slowed. If they attempt to move out of the boundary, they will be pulled back to the center and debuffed with a strong damage over time which will kill them.

In total, two players are afflicted with a huge player-centered AoE telegraph, and two players with a blue two-player stack-up circle, while four players remain unmarked. To solve this mechanic, players must move to the edge of their Tangled boundaries as follows:

if carrying the big AoEs: move to the outside of the arena, towards the same intercardinal near them (either NE and SW, or NW and SE, as agreed beforehand)
if carrying the stack-up marker: move to the opposite intercardinal, towards the unmarked player in the adjoining circle
if unmarked: move to the opposite intercardinal, towards the player with the stack-up marker in the adjoining circle, so that both are inside the marker (which intersects both haircone boundaries)

Secret Breeze
Before the AoEs from Teasing Tangles go off, the boss casts telegraphed conal AOEs in the cardinal directions, forcing players to adjust their position as necessary. The conal AOEs go off at the same time as the AoEs from Teasing Tangles.

Immediately afterwards, the players will need to spread out around the arena. The boss casts untelegraphed conal AoEs at each player, which preferably should not overlap.

Void Aero IV
Raid-wide damage again.

Curling Iron
Phase transition. Move out of the boss's hitbox to avoid knockback. The boss inflicts raidwide damage and jumps out of the arena. Stack in the center to heal to full and to mitigate the massive raidwide damage that occurs when the boss lands back in the center.

Phase 2
The following mechanics have no cast bar.

Brutal Gust (Tanks/Healers)
Spread out to your positions. The boss will tether to and dash at the healers and tanks in turn, leaving a line AoE behind. The tethered players should evade the dash and AoE sideways.

Boulder Break and spiral AoE
Both tanks should stack north to share a double tankbuster, while everybody evades a telegraphed spiral AoE.

Center stacking
As soon as the red AoE at the center of the spiral resolves, all players should stack in the very center. This lets them evade the series of line AoEs cast by the copies of the boss outside of the arena.

At the same time, all players are tagged with a big arrow marker above their head. The center red AoE and the spiral AoE telegraphs reappear, followed by a cluster of huge circle AoE telegraphs, one beneath each player. By stacking in the center, players make these overlap as much as possible.