Here is the cleaned up text for the Lost City of Amdapor dungeon guide:

The Lost City of Amdapor is a level 50 dungeon introduced in patch 2.2.

Objectives:
Clear the Halcyon Court
Clear the Tower of White  
Defeat Diabolos

Bosses:

Decaying Gourmand
The Decaying Gourmand will inflict a random player with Prey. The person targeted with prey will get sucked in and Devoured by the Decaying Gourmand. When they do, attack the Voracious Maw to break out the person eaten. Decaying Gourmand will also drop AoE circles on the ground that remain there, inflicting damage over time to whoever stays in it.

Arioch  
At first there will be a single Ranch Wamoura add with the actual boss, Arioch, flying around. Kill it and have the tank stand in front of it when it dies. Anyone that stands in front of the Ranch Wamoura when it dies will get a stacking debuff called Scale Flakes. The boss attacks whoever has the highest stacks of Scale Flakes, so make sure the tank is the one that gets the debuff. When the Scale Flakes debuff is running out, pull another Ranch Wamoura add and kill it facing the tank. If the debuff runs out Arioch will start flying overhead, regenerating massive amounts of hp. Arioch also uses the Blue Mage spell Eerie Soundwave.

Diabolos
There are 8 doors divided into pairs of 2 in the boss room. They have four symbols, the blue goobbue, red demon, the light green dragon-like, and the dark green moth. Each symbol will appear above 2 doors. When you open both doors of the same symbol, you will get sucked into a void and you become immune to attacks for a short period of time. When Diabolos casts Ruinous Omen, you need to activate a matching pair of doors or the party will wipe. If you activate doors of the wrong symbol, they will close and there will be no effect.  

The symbols will only appear at the start of the fight, and during a successful door opening. At the beginning of the fight, a responsible party member should select a symbol and remember or waymark both doors of the chosen symbol. Then, the party member should open one of these doors. When you get to about 60% of Diabolos health, he will go to the center of the arena and start to cast Ruinous Omen, once it gets about halfway through the cast bar have the party member open his matching door. If timed right you will get into the void as soon as he casts Ruinous Omen and you won't take any damage. If your damage is halfway decent you should only see Ruinous Omen once or twice.

Avoid the orbs when they appear, they apply heavy and deal more damage as the debuff gets stacked on the party.  

Note: Players with the prey marker (gravity orb) should move away from the party (and waymarked/open doors, if any)

Lore:

City of Decay
The twilight years of the Fifth Astral Era saw magical civilizations reach their zenith, among them the nation of Amdapor, which prospered through the blessings of white magic. But with this prosperity came a bitter rivalry. In a bid to destroy them once and for all, their Mhachi enemies unleashed a powerful voidsent upon the city, and it was only at great cost that the Amdapori succeeded in sealing away the being. Alas, their home devastated by the onslaught, the civilization did not survive the catastrophic arrival of the Sixth Umbral Era.

The Last Guardians  
Following the defeat of Diabolos, the unnatural pall choking, the crumbling city of Amdapor was lifted, and tranquility restored to the Twelveswood. Or so it had seemed. When the Hearers entered the ruins, however, they had scarce begun consigning the stones to the forest when their elemental allies fled in a sudden panic. By the spirits' agitated whispers did the Seedseers learn that a daunting and hostile presence yet lingered within Amdapor's smoldering walls.  Unable to complete their ritual of cleaning, once more the Padjals called upon the aid of fearless adventurers, who set out to bring this unknown evil to light. And what should they find inside the ancient city's husk but the stone guardians of the Amdapori, roused to life by the awakening of a voidsent, their mortal foe. The adventurers laid these relics to rest, and thus did the city sleep soundly once more.

Diabolos
Charged with leading the Mhachi's voidsent army against Amdapor, the mighty Diabolos was shorn of power in a desperate counterattack and imprisoned within a potent seal. He awakened centuries later when the Calamity broke the seal, only to be humbled once more by adventurers sent to investigate the ruins vanishing in flurry of leathern wings. He would reemerge at the heart of a sinister plot aboard the Void Ark.  

Kuribu
Created by Amdapori mages to protect their city, this winged golem is animated by gems infused with the power of white magic. To better contend with voidsent, it is said to have been made in the image of transcendent beings from yet another plane.