Here is the cleaned up text for the strategy guide:

The Wreath of Snakes (Extreme) is a level 70 trial introduced in patch 4.5 with Stormblood. 

Overview

Phases & Abilities
The battle against Seiryu (Extreme) is quite similar to that of the normal version, albeit with a few twists. Below is an ordered list of abilities you will encounter during this two-phase fight.

Phase 1
Fifth Element - an unavoidable raid-wide AoE that will blast all participants for moderate damage.
Serpent Descending - marks four players with AoE markers, forcing them to avoid fellow team-members. This mechanic will overlap with Kuji-Kiri.
Kuji-Kiri - marks the entire arena with a criss-cross AoE pattern, blasting the telegraphed areas after a short delay. To avoid damage, players must stand within unmarked squares.
Onmyo Circle (Yin & Yang) - one of two special attacks that Seiryu will use to surprise players. Seiryu will teleport to a random player and charge an AoE attack at his current location, indicated by a Yin & Yang symbol. To avoid, players must run out of melee range before it is fully charged. After charging up, Seiryu will blast the surrounding area (as indicated by a very brief AoE circle telegraph around himself).
Bear in mind that Seiryu will also use a different version later in the fight (indicated by a dragon-themed symbol instead of the Yin & Yang version). When this happens, players must be ready to run close to Seiryu as the following attack will be a donut AoE rather than a regular AoE. Having said that, the first cast will always be the AoE circle (Yin & Yang).
Cursekeeper - is a debuff mechanic that will be applied to Seiryu's main target. Once applied, the debuff will begin to absorb all damage taken by that target and store it up. Once it fades, all damage received will be amplified into an AoE explosion around that target. This will be overlapped by Infirm Soul.
Infirm Soul - a vicious tank buster that must be mitigated. Due to the application of Cursekeeper (see above), tanks must work together to ensure that the person with the Cursekeeper debuff does not get hit by Infirm Soul. To achieve this, the off-tank should provoke Seiryu as soon as he begins casting Cursekeeper, allowing the debuffed tank to walk away from the group and explode for minor damage.
Summon Shiki - a multi-phase mechanic, starting with the creation of three adds with a fan-like appearance (two red and one blue).
Red Shiki - tethers to a random damage dealer. Tethered players should move away so that the Red Shiki are aimed away from the group.
Blue Shiki - attaches a proximity tether to a random healer along with a stack-line marker. Due to the proximity tether, the marked healer should stand at a safe distance behind the group to reduce their incoming damage. Meanwhile, the members of the group who are not marked by Red Shiki must stack in a line to absorb the stack-mark damage in the center of the arena.
Assuming the group is successful, adds will form around the outer ring of the arena and eventually mark the arena with straight-line AoEs. In addition, two Large Shiki will leap to opposite sides of the arena and blast them with wide AoE circles before each one tethers itself to a random member of the group. Seeing as the group should already be stacked in the center after the previous Red & Blue Shiki mechanics, the tank and off-tank should quickly grab a tether each and move to opposite sides of the arena so that the large Shiki aim their attacks away from the group.
Finally, additional adds will begin to spawn in the center of the arena that need to be picked up by both tanks. Bear in mind that the smaller adds will explode on death for unavoidable damage, thus you may need to stagger their deaths in order to provide healers with some breathing room. Furthermore, the larger add (unlike normal mode) will now be capable of casting Stoneskin - a massive absorb shield. Due to this add phase being a DPS check (with Seiryu charging up a raid-wipe ability), it is wise to silence the Stoneskin cast whenever possible.
Assuming all adds are slain before Seiryu charges his ability, the transition animation from normal mode will play out, indicating the approach of Phase 2.

Phase 2
After the transitional animation has completed, players will find themselves within the outer waters of the arena - just like normal mode. However, extreme mode presents a new threat in the form of cones of White Water. These will persist throughout the battle and periodically alternate positions. If a player collides with White Water for any reason, they will be knocked up into the air and suffer a stackable debuff.

Orochi - a wall of snakes will form at one end of the arena just like normal mode. However, extreme mode will not provide arrow-markers to indicate the direction of their upcoming knockback attack. Instead, players must keep their eyes peeled for the snakes and move as close to them as possible. Eventually, the snakes will charge across the battlefield and inflict a damaging knockback. Players who aren't close enough to the snakes' at this time risk being punted into the outer waters of the arena.
Big Shiki - a watery giant will rise from the waters and pepper the arena with alternating hand-slams, just like normal mode. After the third hand-slam, it will utilize a central-arena knockback that overlaps with another Orochi. Players must stand close to the circular telegraph to avoid being knocked into the water by the Big Shiki slam. However, they must also make sure that they are knocked towards the upcoming Orochi (snakes) so that they are pushed back to the center of the arena (rather than out of it).
Forbidden Arts - targets both healers with stack-line AoE markers that must be absorbed by the group.
Blazing Aramitama - after dashing to the north of the arena, Seiryu will buff himself. From this point onward, his attacks will be double-cast, and also cause slight variations to some mechanics.
(Double) Onmyo Circle - Seiryu will morph to a random player and begin a doubled-up version of Onmyo Circle. To avoid damage, players must pay attention to the order