Here is the cleaned up text for the Stone Vigil (Hard) strategy guide:

The Stone Vigil (Hard) is a level 50 dungeon introduced in patch 2.3.

Objectives:
Slay Gorynich
Slay Cuca Fera 
Obtain the main storage vault key
Slay Giruveganaus

Bosses:

Gorynich
Gorynich fight is similar to the first boss fight in the normal Stone Vigil. He moves around and uses Swinge. Use Sprint to stay behind him to not get hit. When he spawns adds, the adds will automatically attack the healer. DPS should kill the adds ASAP. Please note that these adds will perform an AoE on death (one is a large conal in front and the other is a large circle around them). If the boss is in range of these AoE's, it will gain Haste and Damage Up. Try to tank the boss in a corner and place your healer away from him.

Cuca Fera
For this Cuca Fera, the players will operate 4 cannons in the 4 corners to the room to attack the boss. These cannons have two abilities. First ability is a normal damaging shot with low cooldown. The second ability is a shot that stuns the boss but has long cooldown. Use the normal shots to damage the boss but Do NOT fire at it when it uses Diamondback to 'turtle.' You can notice it's turtling when its shell glows red. While turtled, your shots will bounce back, hurting you instead of the boss. 

Designate two people to be "stunners". The Boss has a group wide AoE called Hard Stomp. Use the second ability of the cannon to interrupt its casting. Two people rotating the stuns should be enough to let CD's recharge. The boss has an attack where it sets itself on fire and charges a cannon. Very easy to avoid if you're paying attention.

When adds spawn, players should kill them with their cannons. Because cannons cannot fire at targets nearby, party members should help each other to clean up the adds.
Do not allow all of the NPCs die. If they do, the boss will do an unstunnable Hard Stomp that instantly wipes the party.

Giruveganaus
Giruveganaus is a fairly straightforward, if annoying, fight. The boss follows a random attack pattern, ignoring all hate generation. All players must keep an eye out for one of Giruvenganaus' many tells in order to anticipate and dodge attacks. All of the boss's attacks not only hit for moderate to high damage, but also bestow a debuff on anyone hit called Infirmity, which reduces healing from magical sources.

Phase 1 consists of 3 attacks...

[The guide continues with detailed explanations of Giruveganaus' attack patterns and mechanics]