General Information
The Final Coil of Bahamut is the third section of The Coils of Bahamut, the level 50 8-player raids in A Realm Reborn. The Final Coil of Bahamut was released in patch 2.4, and requires players with item level of 123 or higher to enter. Once unlocked, the raid can be queued from the Duty Finder. 
Note: Because the Coils of Bahamut have a difficulty somewhere between (Extreme) and (Savage), these raids are not included in any roulette (even Mentor). As such, players queuing via Duty Finder will almost never be able to form a party.
That being the case, it is recommended that newer players use the Party Finder to seek the assistance of a couple of level-capped players for a "unsync run" using the Unrestricted Party option. This will allow players to see the story at an appropriate point in their Main Scenario Quest progression. They can also easily solo the raids with a level 80+ character.

Unlock
Players must first complete all of the Bahamut Quests up through Alisaie's Resolve. This includes clearing all of the The Binding Coil of Bahamut and The Second Coil of Bahamut raids.
Players can then begin the level 50  quest Fragments of Truth by talking to Urianger (x6,y4) in The Waking Sands.
Players may proceed to any of the four floors in this raid tier after unlocking them, although the floors are intended to be done in order for story purposes. To continue the questline, complete  The Final Coil of Bahamut - Turn 4 to unlock Alisaie's Path, the final quest.

Floors
Level Requirement
Disciple of War or Magic level 50
Party Size	
Eight players

Duty	Abbreviation	Min IL	Boss(es)	Tomestones	Time Limit
The Final Coil of Bahamut - Turn 1	T10	110	Imdugud	30 	90 min
The Final Coil of Bahamut - Turn 2	T11	115	Kaliya	30 	90 min
The Final Coil of Bahamut - Turn 3	T12	120	Phoenix	30 	90 min
The Final Coil of Bahamut - Turn 4	T13	123	Bahamut Prime	30 	90 min

Item level restrictions do not apply when registering as a full party or an unrestricted party.

Rewards
Treasure coffers that appear upon completing areas in The Final Coil of Bahamut will yield accessories.
Upon completing The Final Coil of Bahamut duties, a treasure coffer will appear containing a Dreadwyrm Coffer. Using this item transforms it into gear corresponding to the user's current job. In addition, the coffers that appear upon completing The Final Coil of Bahamut - Turn 4 yield weapons.

Item Type	Equipment Reward
Dreadwyrm Weapon Coffer (IL 135)	Weapons
Dreadwyrm Head Gear Coffer (IL 130)	Head
Dreadwyrm Chest Gear Coffer (IL 130)	Body
Dreadwyrm Hand Gear Coffer (IL 130)	Hands
Dreadwyrm Leg Gear Coffer (IL 130)	Legs
Dreadwyrm Foot Gear Coffer (IL 130)	Feet

Weekly limits removed in Patch 2.55.

Gear
Weapons
Main article: Dreadwyrm Weapons

Armor 
Main article: Dreadwyrm Armor

Accessories
Main article: Dreadwyrm Accessories