Here is the cleaned up text for the strategy guide on The Limitless Blue (Extreme) trial in Final Fantasy 14:

Important 

The North American and European data centers primarily use Party Finder to challenge (Extreme) content. Using Duty Finder to match with random players is not recommended and will be more difficult than pre-forming a party. For an easy completion (that will satisfy any quest requirements) or loot farming, it is recommended that players use Party Finder and form an Unrestricted Party (i.e., with level sync disabled). Players who wish to complete this duty with level sync enabled should also form a pre-made party, which also enables the use of Minimum Item Level and Silence Echo settings for a more authentic challenge compared to a Duty Finder party.

The Limitless Blue (Extreme)

Level: 60 (Sync: 60)
Item Level: 165
Difficulty: Extreme
Party size: Full Party (8 man - 2 tanks, 2 healers, 4 DPS)
Unsyncing: Allowed
Time limit: 60 minutes
Duty Finder: High-end Trials (Heavensward)
Roulette: Mentor
Tomestones: 15
Required quest: The Diabolical Bismarck
Entrance: The Sea of Clouds (X:29.8, Y:27.5, Z:3.7)
Location: The Limitless Blue
Region: Abalathia's Spine
Stone, Sky, Sea: Available
Patch: 3.0
The Echo: On wipe: +5% (max +25%)

"As is all too often the case, a primal you felled has once again been summoned. According to Unukalhai, the stakes are even higher this time, as Bismarck's reappearance threatens to hasten the awakening of the Warring Triad─three eikons sealed within the Aetherochemical Research Facility on Azys Lla. Fortunately, you have developed a sound method for slaying flying feathered whales. The Enterprise Excelsior and your island await."
— In-game description

Strategy

Lord of the Mists: Bismarck

Before you start the encounter you will need to assign 2 players (usually the healers) to do the cannons, just like in Hard. You should also assign another player (usually a ranged) to do the shield. The shield is only used during Phase 1 and is used at the same time as it is during Hard.

When you are on Bismarck, you gain a stacking debuff that increases the amount of damage done to you while aboard Bismarck. You should not go over 3 stacks. Unlike on Hard, you must leave Bismarck when he shudders or you'll be thrown off away from the island.

Phase 1

This phase is the same as Hard version. Bismarck will start by hitting the island and spawning 2 enemies, a melee and a ranged. DPS down both enemies, they should be killed before you're able to board Bismarck. 

When the Dragonkillers are ready to be fired, use them and board Bismarck. In order to meet the DPS requirement, you should be killing the carapace the first time.

- Kill adds
- Use cooldowns on Carapace

Phase 2

This is the major DPS check part of the fight. The two dragons So'Suwa and Ul'Sanuwa will spawn. They must be tanked away from each other. 

Tornadoes and AoE will also spawn, avoid these.

Both enemies will do an ability called Dead Wind and Dead Water that is raid-wide AoE and applies 1 of 2 debuffs to each player. The debuff will apply to 1 tank, 1 healer and 2 dps. Look at the colour of your debuff and attack the enemy with the opposite colour. As with Hard version, you do NOT need to kill these at the same time, instead you are given a strict amount of time to kill them. You should use LB1 to help you down them.

The debuff on the tanks may also change, so they need to get ready to provoke and swap places with the other tank if needed. The enemies should not move in order to maximize DPS.

- Blue buff = Will of the Water, attack green enemy.
- Green buff = Will of the Wind, attack blue enemy. 
- Dodge tornadoes and AoE.
- Use LB1 when you have it.
- Tanks need to swap places if their debuff changes.
- They will do 3 Dead Wind/Water until Bismarck does his Ultimate.

Phase 3

This phase will repeat until either Bismarck is down or the Island is destroyed. There is no shield in this phase.

Three enemies will spawn, two small adds from Phase 1 and a bigger add called Nai'maii Vendu. There are 2 tactics to doing this phase.

Tactic 1
1. Kill the range add first
2. Kill the melee add second (small add) 
3. Do as much damage on Nai as possible until you can board Bismarck.

Tactic 2
1. Kill Nai first
2. Kill range add second
3. Damage melee add as much as possible until you can board Bismarck.

My group personally preferred Tactic 2, but either is fine. The tank and a healer should stay on the Island to dps down the remaining enemy while everyone else is damaging Bismarck.

If Nai is still alive after boarding Bismarck, he will run to the center and do an AoE every 10 seconds that damages the island, it is important to kill him before he can do this too much.

Weather Mechanic

Just like in Hard, there is a weather mechanic during Phase 3.

- Wind: Clouds will be a dark yellow and it will be raining. There will be an AoE knockback from the center of the island. All players should run to the center or they will be knocked off, then run back to the center for an AoE covering the island except the center.

- Water: Clouds almost clear. Stay away from the center as there will be splash damage that causes Vuln Up, you should also kill the Vapor Bubbles during this time.

- Thunder: Clouds will be purple. 3 random players will receive 2 thunder attacks,