Here is the cleaned up text for the strategy guide:

Important 

The North American and European data centers primarily use Party Finder to challenge (Extreme) content. Using Duty Finder to match with random players is not recommended and will be more difficult than pre-forming a party. For an easy completion (that will satisfy any quest requirements) or loot farming, it is recommended that players use Party Finder and form an Unrestricted Party (i.e., with level sync disabled). Players who wish to complete this duty with level sync enabled should also form a pre-made party, which also enables the use of Minimum Item Level and Silence Echo settings for a more authentic challenge compared to a Duty Finder party.

The Pool of Tribute (Extreme)

Level: 70 (Sync: 70)
Item Level: 300 
Difficulty: Extreme
Party size: Full Party (8 man - 2 tanks, 2 healers, 4 DPS)
Unsyncing: Allowed
Time limit: 60 minutes
Duty Finder: High-end Trials (Stormblood) 
Roulette: Mentor
Tomestones: 15
Req. quest: Songs in the Key of Kugane
Entrance: The Ruby Sea (X:4.7, Y:22.2)
Location: The Blessed Treasury
Region: Othard
Stone, Sky, Sea: Available
Patch: 4.0
The Echo: On wipe: +5% (max +25%)

"In the shadow of Kugane's renowned Mujikoza theater, you recount your clash with Susano to the wandering minstrel. Inspired by your tale, he proceeds to commit it to song, his gift for words imbuing events with an intensity you do not quite recall. Such is common practice when adapting for the stage, the minstrel explains, as your mind wanders back to the scene of battle, the verses echoing in your mind..."
— In-game description

Strategy

The Pool of Tribute (Susano) Extreme

Lord of the Revel: Susano
Pretty much all of the attacks you've seen in the Normal version will be present here as well, with the addition of some new ones. Susano will announce any of his bigger moves, so pay attention to what he says. The first time he uses a mechanic/move, he will drop a line in chat to give you an idea of what telegraphed line triggers which move, but after that, you're on your own.

Phase 1
- Rasen Kaikyo - Places a circular AoE under four random party members. 
- Churning - "Rise, rise to the occasion!" This move is indicated by waterbubbles floating around the arena. Susano will place a debuff called Churning on four random party members that lasts ten seconds. If ANY actions, including movement and Auto-Attacks, are executed while the debuff runs out, you will receive massive damage and a stack of Vulnerability Up. Don't do ANYTHING when the countdown-square over your head starts appearing in the last three seconds of its duration and you should be good.
- Yata No Kagami - "The seas part for we alone!" - A player will be marked with a red marker. After a short time, they will be damaged and knocked back. The path of their knockback will determine the safe area of the platform-wide AoE that follows. This AoE applies Lightning Resistance Down. 
- Brightstorm - Often following Yata No Kagami, a stack marker will appear on the previously marked party member. Stack to share damage.
- Dark Cloud - Susano will periodically spawn Dark Clouds. These clouds will cast a wide line Lightning-AoE that inflicts Paralysis.

At around 76%, Susano will start Phase 2.

Phase 2
"How our hearts sing in the chaos!"
Just like in Normal, Susano will attack two times with Ame-No-Murakumo, which needs to be burned down by the party as fast as possible. DPS should save some cooldowns for this. One tank has to block the Blade by activating the Blade's Shadow to trigger an ATE in which you need to spam-click the button, while the other tank runs around the platform to soak the four orbs that will spawn. The first orb always spawns NE in the bossroom and subsequent orbs spawn clockwise from there. These orbs explode upon touching a player and will deal considerate splash damage, so stack in the middle to avoid getting clipped by them when the tank runs through them. As such, it is recommended for tanks to activate sprint to minimize the danger of orbs getting too close to the middle of the arena where party members can get hit. A successful block of the sword will give the blocking tank Slashing Resistance Down II. As such, tanks need to switch their blocking and orb soaking roles after the first block. 
This ends in heavy, unavoidable damage (a wipe if Ame-no-Murakumo is not destroyed in time), marked by a large, red line AoE across the platform.

Phase 3 
This is the main part of the fight and lasts until 0%. The arena is split in a West and East half, indicated by a black and red line where the Blade came crashing down. Standing in this line will inflict a debuff called Sinking, which will kill you after a few seconds if you stay in there. Only cross it when the mechanics of Levinbolt call for it. Try to tank Susano relatively close to it so you can switch sides quickly when necessary. Susano will spawn on the West side of the platform after Ame-No-Murakumo, so position yourself accordingly after getting hit by it. The fight can get pretty hectic later on as he can combine some of his moves (for example Churning and Brightstorm), but as long as you pay attention and don't panic, you can easily avoid any wipe-inducing situations.

All abilities from Phase 1 are present during this phase. 
- Stormsplitter - Tank Buster that causes Slashing Resistance Down II. Off-tank should Provoke during this cast to prevent the main tank from dying afterwards. Basically the tank-switch mechanic of this fight. Mitigate as necessary. Stay away from the targeted tank when this goes off, as it can hit multiple people. Run in to replace the main tank after the animation is done.
- Levinbolt - A random player will be marked with a purple marker above their head. After a