Here is the cleaned up text for the "Unto the Heavens" quest guide:

Quest giver: Ojika Tsunjika 
Location: Old Sharlayan (X:9.2, Y:11.2)
Quest line: Endwalker Main Scenario Quests
Level: 89 
Experience: 508,200
Gil: 1,509
Previous quest: Friends Gathered
Next quest: A §trαnge New World
Patch: 6.0

Main Scenario Progress: 794 / 853 (93.1%)
Endwalker Progress: 96 / 155 (61.9%)

Steps:
1. Speak with Fourchenault at Thaumazein.
2. Speak with Aeglyffe.
3. Speak with Livingway.

Journal:
Ojika Tsunjika is ready to send you off with a smile.

The time is come at last for you and the Scions to embark on your mission to Ultima Thule. After offering you a few words of wisdom, Ojika Tsunjika bids you farewell as you make for Thaumazein.

With all gathered at Thaumazein, Fourchenault unveils the Ragnarok, which will bear you and the other Scions unto Ultima Thule. The gathering is interrupted by the arrival of Sicard, who has brought with him representatives of the world's myriad beast tribes. The reason for their presence, as Livingway explains, is to use the power of primal summoning to convert the Mothercrystal's energy into a form that can be transported to the ship's engines─for contrary to common belief, it is in fact possible to summon deiform beings without risk of being tempered. In light of this revelation, all present are willing to go along with the plan, and so the beastmen take their leave to prepare for the ritual.

As the beastmen contingent departs, Wilfsunn steps forward to offer you and the Scions teleportation devices he created for your mission. Designed to be used in tandem, they will teleport the Scions back to the ship in the event of an emergency. With no other matters left undone, Livingway boards the ship, and Fourchenault bids you do the same.

The Ragnarok trembles as its various components whir to life. With a boisterous command, the thrusters are engaged and the ship takes off into the great expanse. 

It does not take long to arrive at Ultima Thule, but no sooner do you enter her domain than Meteion manifests on the ship's bridge. A battle of words ensues, but is cut short when Meteion brings her power to bear, suffocating you and the Scions effortlessly. You fall to your knees, gasping for air. The last thing you see is Thancred charging at Meteion before the world fades to black.

You awake seemingly none the worse for wear, but with one less of your number than before─Thancred is nowhere to be seen. Thinking that he may have pursued Meteion, you and the others make ready to disembark.

Atmospheric readings show Ultima Thule is capable of sustaining life, though the strange and unnerving surrounds give very much the opposite impression. Nevertheless, the hunt for Meteion can now begin in earnest. But first, you must discover the whereabouts of Thancred.