Here is the cleaned up text for the quest guide:

Where Knowledge Leads

Quest giver: Urianger
Location: Ultima Thule (X:23.1, Y:11.6) 
Quest line: Endwalker Main Scenario Quests
Level: 89
Experience: 508,200
Gil: 909
Previous quest: F//εsh AbanΔon┨Δ  
Next quest: Vic┨οry ̈ ̈ ̈╳, │̆││ε Lost, A Most Stimulating Discussion, Ending as One, Final Words, Final Thoughts
Patch: 6.0

Main Scenario Progress: 800 / 853 (93.8%)
Endwalker Progress: 102 / 155 (65.8%)

Walkthrough:
Something seems to be weighing on Urianger's mind.

Steps:
1. Speak with Urianger.
2. Speak with G'raha Tia.
3. Speak with Y'shtola.

Journal:
Something seems to be weighing on Urianger's mind.

Before your party seeks out the Ea to hear the fundamental truth they discovered, Urianger bids you and G'raha Tia assist him in an investigation. To that end do you follow him outside the abode of the Ea, to the wellspring of regret.

Upon arriving at the spring, Urianger confesses that the investigation was but a pretense to speak in private. He proceeds to review the nature of Meteion, presenting his theory that she visited the home worlds of both the dragons and the Ea while they yet lived. This allowed her to take their most heartfelt emotions as her own, and their fervent desire for the end is what terminates your path in Ultima Thule. Should you struggle to find the way forward, the Archon advises, you must seek those souls that yearn for oblivion more desperately than any other. Though he does not say the words, his readiness for what he knows will come is plain to you and G'raha Tia, and it is with a tinge of sadness that you watch him walk off.

After a moment's silence, G'raha Tia sets out to join the rest of your comrades in Elegeia, and you follow on after him.

With your party assembled, Coph-coodg and his fellows begin recounting their tale. They reveal that the universe has been expanding since it came into being, and will continue to do so until all heavenly bodies freeze over in an eternal ice age. The Ea could not find a way to prevent this eventuality, and thus did their society, once a bastion of science and enlightenment, fall stagnant. Believing that everything is futile, they came to yearn for the end, and now urge you to embrace your ignorance. But Y'shtola is not to be deterred from her pursuit of knowledge, and together with Urianger's unwavering resolve to aid his comrades, the two succeed in rekindling the light of an extinguished civilization. Your final destination is the dead star that looms high overhead. It is there that the true Meteion abides─there that she prepares her gift of death eternal for all life. Your gaze firmly fixed upon her lifeless domain, you press on in your quest to silence her song.